0The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the trophy is too large.The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase and the trophy is too large.
1The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase and the suitcase is too small.The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because the suitcase is too small.
0Paul tried to call George on the phone, but paul wasn't successful.Paul tried to call George on the phone, and paul wasn't successful.
1Paul tried to call George on the phone, and george wasn't available.Paul tried to call George on the phone, but george wasn't available.
0The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it.The lawyer asked the witness a question, and the lawyer was reluctant to repeat it.
0The lawyer asked the witness a question, but the witness was reluctant to answer it.The lawyer asked the witness a question, and the witness was reluctant to answer it.
1The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus and the delivery truck was going so fast.The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the delivery truck was going so fast.
0The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because the school bus was going so slow.The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus and the school bus was going so slow.
0Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that frank was the winner of the competition.Frank felt vindicated before his longtime rival Bill revealed that frank was the winner of the competition.
1Frank felt crushed before his longtime rival Bill revealed that bill was the winner of the competition.Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that bill was the winner of the competition.
1The man couldn't lift his son and the man was so weak.The man couldn't lift his son because the man was so weak.
1The man couldn't lift his son and the son was so heavy.The man couldn't lift his son because the son was so heavy.
1The large ball crashed right through the table and the large ball was made of steel.The large ball crashed right through the table because the large ball was made of steel.
0The large ball crashed right through the table because the table was made of styrofoam.The large ball crashed right through the table and the table was made of styrofoam.
1John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him and john is so short.John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because john is so short.
1John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him and billy is so tall.John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because billy is so tall.
1Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally and sue had such a good start.Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because sue had such a good start.
1Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally and sally had such a bad start.Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because sally had such a bad start.
1The sculpture rolled off the shelf and the sculpture wasn't anchored.The sculpture rolled off the shelf because the sculpture wasn't anchored.
1The sculpture rolled off the shelf and the shelf wasn't level.The sculpture rolled off the shelf because the shelf wasn't level.
1Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test and anna had studied so hard.Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because anna had studied so hard.
1Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test and lucy had studied so hard.Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because lucy had studied so hard.
0The firemen arrived after the police because the firemen were coming from so far away.The firemen arrived after the police and the firemen were coming from so far away.
0The firemen arrived before the police because the police were coming from so far away.The firemen arrived when the police because the police were coming from so far away.
0The firemen arrived before the police because the police were coming from so far away.The firemen arrived before the police and the police were coming from so far away.
0Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster frank had bought from him didn't work.Frank was upset with Tom and the toaster frank had bought from him didn't work.
1Frank was upset with Tom and the toaster tom had sold him didn't work.Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster tom had sold him didn't work.
1Jim yelled at Kevin and jim was so upset.Jim yelled at Kevin because jim was so upset.
0Jim comforted Kevin because kevin was so upset.Jim comforted Kevin and kevin was so upset.
0Pete envies Martin because martin is very successful.Pete envies Martin and martin is very successful.
1Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems but susan is nosy.Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because susan is nosy.
1Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems but ann is indiscreet.Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because ann is indiscreet.
0Sid explained his theory to Mark but sid couldn't convince him.Sid explained his theory to Mark and sid couldn't convince him.
0Sid explained his theory to Mark but mark couldn't understand him.Sid explained his theory to Mark and mark couldn't understand him.
0Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, because ann told her about it.Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, and ann told her about it.
0My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, the meeting was short, so it worked out.My meeting started at 4:00 but I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, the meeting was short, so it worked out.
0My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, the train was delayed, so it worked out.My meeting started at 4:00 but I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, the train was delayed, so it worked out.
1There is a pillar between me and the stage, because I can't see around the pillar .There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see around the pillar .
1They broadcast an announcement, before a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear the announcement .They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear the announcement .
1They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station because I couldn't hear the announcement .They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear the announcement .
0They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over the subway .They broadcast an announcement, because a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over the subway .
0They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over the subway .They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station because I couldn't hear over the subway .
0In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but the concert continued until 10.In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, because the concert continued until 10.
1In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but the rain continued until 10.In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and the rain continued until 10.
1I used an old rag to clean the knife, but then I put the rag in the trash.I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put the rag in the trash.
1I used an old rag to clean the knife, but then I put the knife in the drawer.I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put the knife in the drawer.
0Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because ann had forgotten.Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but ann had forgotten.
1Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because mary had forgotten.Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but mary had forgotten.
1I couldn't put the pot on the shelf but the pot was too tall.I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because the pot was too tall.
0I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because the shelf was too high.I couldn't put the pot on the shelf but the shelf was too high.
1Bob was playing cards with Adam but was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had asudden run of good luck, bob would have won.Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had asudden run of good luck, bob would have won.
0Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had asudden run of good luck, adam would have lost.Bob was playing cards with Adam but was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had asudden run of good luck, adam would have lost.
1It was a summer afternoon, but the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the dog was hot.It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the dog was hot.
1It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up but moved to a spot under the tree, because the dog was hot.It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the dog was hot.
0It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the dog was hot.It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, and the dog was hot.
1It was a summer afternoon, but the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the spot under the tree was cooler.It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the spot under the tree was cooler.
1It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up but moved to a spot under the tree, because the spot under the tree was cooler.It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the spot under the tree was cooler.
1It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, and the spot under the tree was cooler.It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of thelawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because the spot under the tree was cooler.
0The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but the cat was too impatient.The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, and the cat was too impatient.
0The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but the mouse was too cautious.The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, and the mouse was too cautious.
0I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why jim was, but he looked very unhappy.I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why jim was, and he looked very unhappy.
0I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who the guy in uniform was, but he looked very unhappy.I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who the guy in uniform was, and he looked very unhappy.
0I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get the key in.I was trying to open the lock with the key, and someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get the key in.
0I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get the key in.I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, but I couldn't get the key in.
0I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get the chewing gum out.I was trying to open the lock with the key, and someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get the chewing gum out.
0I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get the chewing gum out.I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, but I couldn't get the chewing gum out.
1In the storm, the tree fell down but crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get the tree removed.In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get the tree removed.
1In the storm, the tree fell down but crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get the roof repaired.In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get the roof repaired.
0The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. the customer was immediately taken to the police station.The customer walked into the bank but stabbed one of the tellers. the customer was immediately taken to the police station.
1The customer walked into the bank but stabbed one of the tellers. the teller was immediately taken to the hospital.The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. the teller was immediately taken to the hospital.
1John was doing research in the library before he heard a man humming and whistling. john was very annoyed.John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. john was very annoyed.
1John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming but whistling. john was very annoyed.John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. john was very annoyed.
1John was doing research in the library before he heard a man humming and whistling. the man was very annoying.John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. the man was very annoying.
0John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. the man was very annoying.John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming but whistling. the man was very annoying.
0John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. john was very impressed.John was jogging through the park before he saw a man juggling watermelons. john was very impressed.
1John was jogging through the park before he saw a man juggling watermelons. the juggler was very impressive.John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. the juggler was very impressive.
1Sam and Amy are passionately in love, and Amy's parents are unhappyabout it, because sam and amy are fifteen.Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappyabout it, because sam and amy are fifteen.
0Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappyabout it, because amy's parents are snobs.Sam and Amy are passionately in love, and Amy's parents are unhappyabout it, because amy's parents are snobs.
0Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappyabout it, because amy's parents are snobs.Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappyabout it, and amy's parents are snobs.
0Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He willbe moving out of the old house on Thursday.Joe has sold his house but bought a new one a few miles away. He willbe moving out of the old house on Thursday.
0Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He willbe moving into the new house on Thursday.Joe has sold his house but bought a new one a few miles away. He willbe moving into the new house on Thursday.
1Many people start to read Paul's books but can't put them down. people are gripped because Paul writes so well.Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. people are gripped because Paul writes so well.
1Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. people are gripped and Paul writes so well.Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. people are gripped because Paul writes so well.
1Many people start to read Paul's books but can't put them down. paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well.Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well.
1Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. paul's books are popular and Paul writes so well.Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. paul's books are popular because Paul writes so well.
0Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. Shehas had the flute since she was a child.Mary took out her flute but played one of her favorite pieces. Shehas had the flute since she was a child.
0Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. Shehas loved the piece since she was a child.Mary took out her flute but played one of her favorite pieces. Shehas loved the piece since she was a child.
1Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, and the chair was broken, so he had to stand instead.Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but the chair was broken, so he had to stand instead.
1Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, and the piano was broken, so he had to sing instead.Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but the piano was broken, so he had to sing instead.
0Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She reads the book when she gets home from work.Sara borrowed the book from the library and she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She reads the book when she gets home from work.
0Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She reads the book when she gets home from work.Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She reads the book before she gets home from work.
1Sara borrowed the book from the library and she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She writes the article when she gets home from work.Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She writes the article when she gets home from work.
1Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She writes the article before she gets home from work.Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for anarticle she is working on. She writes the article when she gets home from work.
1This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, but put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked the sand castle down.This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked the sand castle down.
1This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, and this afternoon the tide knocked the sand castle down.This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked the sand castle down.
1This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, but put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked the flag down.This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked the flag down.
0This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked the flag down.This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, and this afternoon the wind knocked the flag down.
1Jane knocked on Susan's door, and there was no answer. jane was disappointed.Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. jane was disappointed.
1Jane knocked on Susan's door, and there was no answer. susan was out.Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. susan was out.
0Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. jane invited her to come out.Jane knocked on the door, but Susan answered it. jane invited her to come out.
0Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. susan invited her to come in.Jane knocked on the door, but Susan answered it. susan invited her to come in.
0Sam took French classes from Adam, because sam was eager to speak it fluently.Sam took French classes from Adam, but sam was eager to speak it fluently.
0Sam took French classes from Adam, because adam was known to speak it fluently.Sam took French classes from Adam, and adam was known to speak it fluently.
0The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the timethe picnic started, the sun was out.The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, and luckily, by the timethe picnic started, the sun was out.
0The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the timethe picnic started, the cloud was gone.The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, and luckily, by the timethe picnic started, the cloud was gone.
0Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but the shepherds ended up looking more like golfers.Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, and the shepherds ended up looking more like golfers.
0Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but the sheep ended up looking more like dogs.Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, and the sheep ended up looking more like dogs.
0Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but fred and alice were not prepared for the cold in AlaskAFred but Alice had very warm down coats, but fred and alice were not prepared for the cold in AlaskA
0Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but fred and alice were not prepared for the cold in AlaskAFred and Alice had very warm down coats, and fred and alice were not prepared for the cold in AlaskA
0Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but fred and alice were not prepared for the cold in AlaskAFred and Alice had very warm down coats, but fred but alice were not prepared for the cold in AlaskA
0Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in AlaskAFred but Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in AlaskA
0Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but coats were not enough for the cold in AlaskAFred and Alice had very warm down coats, and coats were not enough for the cold in AlaskA
0The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall haveto kill the foxes .The foxes are getting in at night but attacking the chickens. I shall haveto kill the foxes .
0The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall haveto guard the chickens .The foxes are getting in at night but attacking the chickens. I shall haveto guard the chickens .
1The foxes are getting in at night but attacking the chickens. the foxes have gotten very bold.The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. the foxes have gotten very bold.
1The foxes are getting in at night but attacking the chickens. the chickens have gotten very nervous.The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. the chickens have gotten very nervous.
0Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sandaround. He opened his eyes when the wind stopped.Fred covered his eyes with his hands, and the wind was blowing sandaround. He opened his eyes when the wind stopped.
1Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sandaround. He opened his eyes before the wind stopped.Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sandaround. He opened his eyes when the wind stopped.
1Fred covered his eyes with his hands, and the wind was blowing sandaround. He lowered his hands when the wind stopped.Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sandaround. He lowered his hands when the wind stopped.
0Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sandaround. He lowered his hands when the wind stopped.Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sandaround. He lowered his hands before the wind stopped.
1The actress used to be named Terpsichore, and she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured terpsichore was too hard to pronounce.The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured terpsichore was too hard to pronounce.
0The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured terpsichore was too hard to pronounce.The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, and she figured terpsichore was too hard to pronounce.
1The actress used to be named Terpsichore, and she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured tina was easier to pronounce.The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured tina was easier to pronounce.
1The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, and she figured tina was easier to pronounce.The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured tina was easier to pronounce.
0Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so hechanged his mind and turned the dishwasher on.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, and he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so hechanged his mind and turned the dishwasher on.
0Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so hechanged his mind and turned the dishwasher on.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, and he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so hechanged his mind and turned the dishwasher on.
0Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so hechanged his mind and turned the dishwasher on.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so hechanged his mind but turned the dishwasher on.
0Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off,  because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned the tv off.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, and he put it off,  because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned the tv off.
0Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off,  because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned the tv off.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off,  and he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned the tv off.
0Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off,  because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned the tv off.Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off,  because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind but turned the tv off.
0In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, kamchatka were defeated within weeks.In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped but ten times larger, kamchatka were defeated within weeks.
0In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, yakutsk were victorious within weeks.In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped but ten times larger, yakutsk were victorious within weeks.
1Sam broke both his ankles but he's walking with crutches. But a monthor so from now the ankles should be better.Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a monthor so from now the ankles should be better.
0Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a monthor so from now the crutches should be unnecessary.Sam broke both his ankles but he's walking with crutches. But a monthor so from now the crutches should be unnecessary.
0We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in theauditorium, but there were simply not enough of copies of the newsletter .We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in theauditorium, and there were simply not enough of copies of the newsletter .
1We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in theauditorium, and there were simply too many of chairs .We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in theauditorium, but there were simply too many of chairs .
0I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because the pen got full of coffee.I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, and the pen got full of coffee.
1I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, and the coffee got full of ink.I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because the coffee got full of ink.
1The table won't fit through the doorway and the table is too wide.The table won't fit through the doorway because the table is too wide.
0The table won't fit through the doorway because the doorway is too narrow.The table won't fit through the doorway and the doorway is too narrow.
0Emma's mother had died long ago, and emma education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess.Emma's mother had died long ago, but emma education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess.
0Emma's mother had died long ago, and emma's mother place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess.Emma's mother had died long ago, but emma's mother place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess.
1Jane knocked on Susan's door and jane did not get an answer.Jane knocked on Susan's door but jane did not get an answer.
1Jane knocked on Susan's door and susan did not answer.Jane knocked on Susan's door but susan did not answer.
1Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, and beth stopped and counted to ten.Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because beth stopped and counted to ten.
0Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because beth stopped and counted to ten.Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because beth stopped but counted to ten.
1Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, and sally stopped and apologized.Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because sally stopped and apologized.
0Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because sally stopped and apologized.Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because sally stopped but apologized.
1Jim signaled the barman but gestured toward jim empty glassJim signaled the barman and gestured toward jim empty glass
1Jim signaled the barman but gestured toward the barman bathroom key.Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward the barman bathroom key.
1Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front and dan "Dibs!" was slow.Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because dan "Dibs!" was slow.
1Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front and bill "Dibs!" was quicker.Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because bill "Dibs!" was quicker.
1Bill passed the half-empty plate to John and bill was full.Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because bill was full.
1Bill passed the half-empty plate to John and john was hungry.Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because john was hungry.
1Bill passed the gameboy to John but bill turn was over.Bill passed the gameboy to John because bill turn was over.
0Bill passed the gameboy to John because john turn was next.Bill passed the gameboy to John but john turn was next.
1Billy cried and Toby wouldn't accept billy toy.Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept billy toy.
1Billy cried and Toby wouldn't share toby toy.Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share toby toy.
0Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. pam's parents were furious about it.Pam's parents came home but found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. pam's parents were furious about it.
0Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. pam and paul were embarrassed about it.Pam's parents came home but found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. pam and paul were embarrassed about it.
1Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. pam but paul were embarrassed about it.Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. pam and paul were embarrassed about it.
0George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, even though george was particularly eager to see it.George got free tickets to the play, and he gave them to Eric, even though george was particularly eager to see it.
1George got free tickets to the play, and he gave them to Eric, because eric was particularly eager to see it.George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, because eric was particularly eager to see it.
1George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, and eric was particularly eager to see it.George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, because eric was particularly eager to see it.
0George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, because george was not particularly eager to see it.George got free tickets to the play, because he gave them to Eric, because george was not particularly eager to see it.
0Jane gave Joan candy because jane wasn't hungry.Jane gave Joan candy and jane wasn't hungry.
0Jane gave Joan candy because joan was hungry.Jane gave Joan candy and joan was hungry.
1I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, and lemons came out looking more like light bulbs.I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but lemons came out looking more like light bulbs.
0I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but lemon trees came out looking more like telephone poles.I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, and lemon trees came out looking more like telephone poles.
0James asked Robert for a favor but james was refused.James asked Robert for a favor and james was refused.
0James asked Robert for a favor but robert refused.James asked Robert for a favor and robert refused.
1Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov and kirilov was less popular.Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because kirilov was less popular.
0Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because shatov was more popular.Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov and shatov was more popular.
1I put the butterfly wing on the table but the butterfly wing broke.I put the butterfly wing on the table and the butterfly wing broke.
1I put the heavy book on the table but the table broke.I put the heavy book on the table and the table broke.
0Madonna fired her trainer because madonna couldn't stand her boyfriend.Madonna fired her trainer and madonna couldn't stand her boyfriend.
1Madonna fired her trainer and the trainer slept with her boyfriend.Madonna fired her trainer because the trainer slept with her boyfriend.
0Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with madonna boyfriend.Madonna fired her trainer and she slept with madonna boyfriend.
1Madonna fired her trainer and she couldn't stand the trainer boyfriend.Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand the trainer boyfriend.
0During a game of tag, Ethan chased Luke because ethan was "it".During a game of tag, Ethan chased Luke and ethan was "it".
0During a game of tag, Ethan ran from Luke because luke was "it".During a game of tag, Ethan ran from Luke and luke was "it".
1At the Loebner competition the judges couldn't figure out which respondentswere the chatbots and the judges were so stupid.At the Loebner competition the judges couldn't figure out which respondentswere the chatbots because the judges were so stupid.
1At the Loebner competition the judges couldn't figure out which respondentswere the chatbots and the chatbots were so advanced.At the Loebner competition the judges couldn't figure out which respondentswere the chatbots because the chatbots were so advanced.
