1" he put an elephant into the fridge " is against common sense because elephants are usually gray while fridges are usually white . " he put an elephant into the fridge " is against common sense because an elephant is much bigger than a fridge . " he put an elephant into the fridge " is against common sense because an elephant cannot eat a fridge . 
0" my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day " is against common sense because no one eats stones . " my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day " is against common sense because stone is usually in round-shapes . " my sister eats a stone after breakfast every day " is against common sense because stone is too large for a girl's mouth . 
1" money can be used for buying stars " is against common sense because stars can be only seen in cloudless dark night . " money can be used for buying stars " is against common sense because no one can get stars and sell them now . " money can be used for buying stars " is against common sense because stars are too expensive for normal people . 
1" USA is located in the northeastern part of New York " is against common sense because USA is a nation while New York is its ally . " USA is located in the northeastern part of New York " is against common sense because USA is a nation while New York is its city . " USA is located in the northeastern part of New York " is against common sense because New York is not the capital of USA . 
0" a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime " is against common sense because the sun is much brighter than the moon and stars in the day time . " a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime " is against common sense because the moon is much closer to the earth than the sun . " a man can better see stars and the moon in daytime " is against common sense because the sun moves faster than the moon and stars . 
1" he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash " is against common sense because a restaurant is usually too noisy for a patient . " he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash " is against common sense because a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment . " he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash " is against common sense because there are different types of restaurants in the city . 
2" his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam " is against common sense because his mother seldom used math in her daily time . " his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam " is against common sense because his mother wanted to take the exam herself . " his mother became angry after he got good grades in the math exam " is against common sense because parents are always happy to see their children get good grades . 
1" cans are usually made of gold " is against common sense because gold is too bright to make cans . " cans are usually made of gold " is against common sense because gold is too expensive to make cans . " cans are usually made of gold " is against common sense because gold is too soft to make cans . 
0" I put my desktop into my suitcase before departure " is against common sense because suitcases are not big enough for a desktop . " I put my desktop into my suitcase before departure " is against common sense because I do not need my desktop anymore . " I put my desktop into my suitcase before departure " is against common sense because suitcases can only filled with clothes . 
0" I walk to the Moon " is against common sense because the Moon is to far to walk to . " I walk to the Moon " is against common sense because the Moon's gravity is relatively small . " I walk to the Moon " is against common sense because I don't know where the Moon is . 
2" I work 25 hours a day " is against common sense because I'm too lazy to work . " I work 25 hours a day " is against common sense because I don't like stay up late . " I work 25 hours a day " is against common sense because a day only has 24 hours . 
0" I'm hungry for water " is against common sense because Water is used to quench thirsty . " I'm hungry for water " is against common sense because Water is necessary for our daily lives . " I'm hungry for water " is against common sense because I'm not that hungry . 
1" this basket can hold one gallon of water " is against common sense because the basket is too small . " this basket can hold one gallon of water " is against common sense because baskets cannot hold water . " this basket can hold one gallon of water " is against common sense because baskets are made of wood . 
2" this man can jump across a mountain easily " is against common sense because this man cannot jump very far . " this man can jump across a mountain easily " is against common sense because this man lives in the mountain . " this man can jump across a mountain easily " is against common sense because a mountain is too big for a man to jump across . 
1" I put the rubbish into a mailbox " is against common sense because I do not want to deliver the rubbish . " I put the rubbish into a mailbox " is against common sense because Rubbish should be thrown into a trash can, rather than a mailbox . " I put the rubbish into a mailbox " is against common sense because a mailbox is not big enough for any rubbish . 
0" most children hate candies " is against common sense because candies are sweet and children love sweet things . " most children hate candies " is against common sense because candies are bitter and children love bitter things . " most children hate candies " is against common sense because children are not allowed to eat candies freely by their parents . 
0" most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol " is against common sense because the alcohol makes drinker stupid . " most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol " is against common sense because most people do not need alcohol to become wise . " most people become wiser after drinking a lot alcohol " is against common sense because most drinkers do not drink enough alcohol . 
1" a salad usually contains grass " is against common sense because grass cannot be bought everywhere . " a salad usually contains grass " is against common sense because human do not eat grass . " a salad usually contains grass " is against common sense because only some salads contain grass . 
2" computers are everywhere in a forest " is against common sense because computers can shine while trees cannot . " computers are everywhere in a forest " is against common sense because computers grow more slowly than trees . " computers are everywhere in a forest " is against common sense because computers are not plants . 
1" my family used to watch radio together after dinner " is against common sense because radios are not big enough for a whole family . " my family used to watch radio together after dinner " is against common sense because radios cannot be watched but only listened to . " my family used to watch radio together after dinner " is against common sense because radios are not interesting as TVs . 
0" I became sleepy after a whole day starvation " is against common sense because starvation makes a man feel hungry rather than sleepy . " I became sleepy after a whole day starvation " is against common sense because I had slept too much . " I became sleepy after a whole day starvation " is against common sense because a whole day starvation was not enough . 
1" he cured after taking poisons " is against common sense because some drugs may also be poisonous . " he cured after taking poisons " is against common sense because suicide leads to death, rather than cure . " he cured after taking poisons " is against common sense because he might be salvaged by doctors . 
1" I changed my car when passing a crossroads " is against common sense because cars intersect in a crossroads . " I changed my car when passing a crossroads " is against common sense because we do not need change cars when passing a crossroads . " I changed my car when passing a crossroads " is against common sense because changing cars in a crossroads is dangerous . 
1" I had a sweet dream when I was awake yesterday " is against common sense because I might have a nightmare then . " I had a sweet dream when I was awake yesterday " is against common sense because people dream only when they sleep . " I had a sweet dream when I was awake yesterday " is against common sense because being awake is not a sweet thing for me . 
0" my dad grows a tin of cola everyday " is against common sense because cola is produced in the factory rather in the farm . " my dad grows a tin of cola everyday " is against common sense because growing cola is not easy for my dad . " my dad grows a tin of cola everyday " is against common sense because only bottled cola can grow in farms . 
2" Alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends " is against common sense because joyful people will not feel left out . " Alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends " is against common sense because feeling left out makes a person happy . " Alice became joyful after felt left out by her friends " is against common sense because feeling left out makes a person unhappy . 
0" Bob played hard to prepare for the examination " is against common sense because playing would not help the preparation for an examination . " Bob played hard to prepare for the examination " is against common sense because some students never prepare for examinations . " Bob played hard to prepare for the examination " is against common sense because Bob might be unwished to prepare for the examination . 
0" I was humiliated by him so I had better friendship with him " is against common sense because humiliation makes a person feel angry and hostile instead of friendly . " I was humiliated by him so I had better friendship with him " is against common sense because the humiliation would only hurt others instead of me . " I was humiliated by him so I had better friendship with him " is against common sense because he and I were friends before the humiliation . 
2" I cooked my meal at the restaurant " is against common sense because there are not enough cookers in the restaurant . " I cooked my meal at the restaurant " is against common sense because I do not cook well at the restaurant . " I cooked my meal at the restaurant " is against common sense because I do not need cook food at restaurant . 
2" Bob loves to play tennis at the sports store " is against common sense because tennis lovers never present in sports stores . " Bob loves to play tennis at the sports store " is against common sense because sports stores sell tennis and racquets . " Bob loves to play tennis at the sports store " is against common sense because there is no tennis court in sports stores . 
1" I love eating seafood so I love eating chicken " is against common sense because people cannot love seafood and chicken at the same time . " I love eating seafood so I love eating chicken " is against common sense because chicken is not seafood . " I love eating seafood so I love eating chicken " is against common sense because some people love seafood and chicken . 
2" I am short so I have an advantage in basketball " is against common sense because many short guys also like basketball . " I am short so I have an advantage in basketball " is against common sense because short guys never play basketball . " I am short so I have an advantage in basketball " is against common sense because tall guys can usually play basketball better . 
1" mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep " is against common sense because mother can't sing rock-and-roll well . " mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep " is against common sense because rock-and-roll is too noisy to make people asleep . " mother sings a rock-and-roll to send her baby asleep " is against common sense because the rock-and-roll song is not long enough . 
0" this apple is a beautiful light blue color " is against common sense because we have not discovered blue apples yet . " this apple is a beautiful light blue color " is against common sense because this apple tastes sour . " this apple is a beautiful light blue color " is against common sense because this apple grows in the sea . 
2" i call my mum with a drum " is against common sense because i like drums a lot . " i call my mum with a drum " is against common sense because drums can make a sound . " i call my mum with a drum " is against common sense because nobody makes a call with a drum . 
0" i like drinking mercury after dinner " is against common sense because mercury is poisonous . " i like drinking mercury after dinner " is against common sense because i don't feel thirsty after dinner . " i like drinking mercury after dinner " is against common sense because mercury is good for health . 
1" i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake " is against common sense because i want to wash the cake first . " i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake " is against common sense because a bar of soap can only ruin the cake . " i put a bar of soap on a birthday cake " is against common sense because soap smells good . 
2" plastic is the main ingredient in candy " is against common sense because plastic is too expensive to be made into candy . " plastic is the main ingredient in candy " is against common sense because plastic is too hard to chew . " plastic is the main ingredient in candy " is against common sense because plastic is not eatable . 
1" he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better " is against common sense because the robot is not salty enough . " he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better " is against common sense because nobody eats robots . " he put some soy sauce to make the robot taste better " is against common sense because the robot has not been cut into slices yet . 
1" he is drunk soon after drinking some water " is against common sense because he cannot drink water . " he is drunk soon after drinking some water " is against common sense because drinking water can't get people drunk . " he is drunk soon after drinking some water " is against common sense because water is alcoholic . 
1" walking is an expensive hobby " is against common sense because walking is good for human's health . " walking is an expensive hobby " is against common sense because walking costs almost nothing except shoes . " walking is an expensive hobby " is against common sense because we walk every day . 
1" managers greet with each other and begin to bark " is against common sense because managers like dogs a lot . " managers greet with each other and begin to bark " is against common sense because only dogs bark when they meet . " managers greet with each other and begin to bark " is against common sense because managers can only be heard through barking . 
1" teachers teach sports with a globe " is against common sense because a globe is a ball with different colors . " teachers teach sports with a globe " is against common sense because we don't learn mountains or countries during sport classes . " teachers teach sports with a globe " is against common sense because we don't have enough globes for sport classes . 
0" a funeral is a place for laughter " is against common sense because it is impolite to laugh at a funeral . " a funeral is a place for laughter " is against common sense because others will be jealous of your happiness . " a funeral is a place for laughter " is against common sense because a funeral is too quiet to laugh out loud . 
0" children have fun in the cemetery " is against common sense because cemetery is a place of sadness rather than fun . " children have fun in the cemetery " is against common sense because few people come to the cemetery . " children have fun in the cemetery " is against common sense because children can play with ghosts . 
0" Mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes " is against common sense because restaurants don't need customers to do the dishes themselves . " Mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes " is against common sense because the restaurant will pay Mary for doing the dishes . " Mary eats at a restaurant to do the dishes " is against common sense because Mary enjoys doing the dishes . 
1" wool is a form of eating material " is against common sense because wool does not taste good enough . " wool is a form of eating material " is against common sense because people don't eat wool . " wool is a form of eating material " is against common sense because wool grows on sheep . 
2" mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom " is against common sense because mum can't cook meals outside the bedroom . " mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom " is against common sense because the bedroom smells too good to sleep after cooking . " mum is cooking a delicious meal in the bedroom " is against common sense because a bedroom is used for relaxing rather than cooking . 
2" cars on the railway multiply during holidays " is against common sense because traffic jams do not take place on railways . " cars on the railway multiply during holidays " is against common sense because more people go on a vacation by car . " cars on the railway multiply during holidays " is against common sense because a railway is built for trains not cars . 
0" beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious " is against common sense because a drill is not a cooker . " beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious " is against common sense because the beef is well preserved . " beef cooked on the drill tastes delicious " is against common sense because a drill is very sharp . 
1" Jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with Tom " is against common sense because Jerry appreciates the tissue a lot . " Jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with Tom " is against common sense because tissues don't have telephone numbers on them . " Jerry takes a tissue from the rolodex to keep in touch with Tom " is against common sense because a tissue is a piece of paper . 
0" pictures can be kept on films eternally " is against common sense because films can easily be damaged thus ruin the picture . " pictures can be kept on films eternally " is against common sense because films are easy to carry . " pictures can be kept on films eternally " is against common sense because films are the only way to save pictures . 
0" we use a penknife to cut wood " is against common sense because using a penknife to cut wood is a waste of time and strength . " we use a penknife to cut wood " is against common sense because a penknife can be folded . " we use a penknife to cut wood " is against common sense because a penknife is harder than wood . 
2" human beings can travel to the moon by bus " is against common sense because buses are easy to manufacture . " human beings can travel to the moon by bus " is against common sense because a bus can carry lots of people . " human beings can travel to the moon by bus " is against common sense because moon is unreachable by bus . 
2" she is sad to play with her friends " is against common sense because her friends admire her . " she is sad to play with her friends " is against common sense because she does not like playing . " she is sad to play with her friends " is against common sense because meeting friends is a positive experience . 
1" smartphones nowadays are huge " is against common sense because smartphones nowadays contain enormous functions . " smartphones nowadays are huge " is against common sense because smartphones of huge size go against the rule of convenience . " smartphones nowadays are huge " is against common sense because smartphones are smarter than we think . 
0" we took television sets to commemorate important days " is against common sense because television sets do not serve as a souvenir . " we took television sets to commemorate important days " is against common sense because television sets too expensive to take each time . " we took television sets to commemorate important days " is against common sense because television sets look all the same . 
1" i park my car in the living room " is against common sense because the living room is not big enough for my car . " i park my car in the living room " is against common sense because it is impossible to park a car in the living room . " i park my car in the living room " is against common sense because my car would be easily stolen . 
2" he turns on the light to listen to music " is against common sense because light spreads faster than sound . " he turns on the light to listen to music " is against common sense because he finds it dark inside the room . " he turns on the light to listen to music " is against common sense because light does not broadcasting music . 
1" Lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in " is against common sense because Lily has to open two walls to keep air fresh . " Lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in " is against common sense because you don't have to break a wall for aeration . " Lily opened the wall to let some fresh air in " is against common sense because fresh air needs a lot of space . 
1" a giant panda is a black and white bird found in Asia " is against common sense because a giant panda is too heavy to be seen as a bird . " a giant panda is a black and white bird found in Asia " is against common sense because a giant panda is a viviparous species . " a giant panda is a black and white bird found in Asia " is against common sense because a giant panda doesn't like flying . 
0" people put on summer dresses when winter comes " is against common sense because summer dresses are too cold to wear in winter . " people put on summer dresses when winter comes " is against common sense because people love wearing summer dresses . " people put on summer dresses when winter comes " is against common sense because it is getting warmer in winter . 
0" smoking is good for health " is against common sense because smoking does harm to langs and many other organs . " smoking is good for health " is against common sense because smoking makes people relaxed . " smoking is good for health " is against common sense because many people smoke . 
0" a power socket has a copper housing for safety " is against common sense because copper can cause life-threatening electric leakage . " a power socket has a copper housing for safety " is against common sense because copper is too expensive for massive use . " a power socket has a copper housing for safety " is against common sense because copper does not rust easily . 
0" it takes him an hour to tear himself apart " is against common sense because nobody can tear himself up alive . " it takes him an hour to tear himself apart " is against common sense because it is too painful that one hour is not enough . " it takes him an hour to tear himself apart " is against common sense because he is not strong enough . 
0" i rip a letter to tell her i am fine " is against common sense because a letter in pieces cannot carry a message . " i rip a letter to tell her i am fine " is against common sense because she does not care about me . " i rip a letter to tell her i am fine " is against common sense because ripped letters represent a message of safety . 
2" a dining room is a place where people sleep " is against common sense because sleeping takes a lot of time . " a dining room is a place where people sleep " is against common sense because people can eat and sleep in the same time . " a dining room is a place where people sleep " is against common sense because people sleep in a bedroom . 
2" he breaks the iron board with a bare hand " is against common sense because he does not have a weapon . " he breaks the iron board with a bare hand " is against common sense because the iron board is too small to be broken . " he breaks the iron board with a bare hand " is against common sense because iron is too hard to even be bent by an unarmed human . 
2" supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance " is against common sense because some people prefer expensive commodities . " supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance " is against common sense because supermarkets sell high-quality commodities . " supermarkets rise prices for a year-end clearance " is against common sense because supermarkets want to attract more customers in the year-end . 
1" the farm is destroyed by a tomato " is against common sense because the tomato is rotting . " the farm is destroyed by a tomato " is against common sense because tomatoes are not threatening plants for a farm . " the farm is destroyed by a tomato " is against common sense because the farm is not suitable to grow tomatoes . 
1" he is so famous that nobody has heard of him " is against common sense because he doesn't look handsome . " he is so famous that nobody has heard of him " is against common sense because to be famous is to be known by many people . " he is so famous that nobody has heard of him " is against common sense because famous people don't listen to others . 
2" i like her songs because she is a good cook " is against common sense because cooks usually sing beautifully . " i like her songs because she is a good cook " is against common sense because she cooks delicious meals . " i like her songs because she is a good cook " is against common sense because singers can usually sing better . 
1" there are many trees in the pond " is against common sense because trees are not tall enough . " there are many trees in the pond " is against common sense because trees don't grow in the pond . " there are many trees in the pond " is against common sense because trees need a lot of water to grow . 
1" the moon is a planet of the solar system " is against common sense because the moon is quite close to the sun . " the moon is a planet of the solar system " is against common sense because the moon is the earth's natural satellite . " the moon is a planet of the solar system " is against common sense because the moon is a sphere . 
0" we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline " is against common sense because power plants don't provide gasoline . " we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline " is against common sense because the power plant runs out of gasoline itself . " we stopped at the power plant because we needed gasoline " is against common sense because gasoline is a limited natural resource . 
0" Lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert " is against common sense because a cinema is not equipped for concerts . " Lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert " is against common sense because Lily loves listening to music . " Lily goes to the cinema to listen to a concert " is against common sense because the cinema is next to Lily's house . 
2" centigrade is a measure of acidity " is against common sense because centigrade is not accurate enough for acidity . " centigrade is a measure of acidity " is against common sense because acidity need not to measured . " centigrade is a measure of acidity " is against common sense because acidity is usually measured by PH value . 
1" the ancients used a satellite as a guidance " is against common sense because satellites are so expensive that the ancients cannot afford . " the ancients used a satellite as a guidance " is against common sense because satellites are contemporary inventions . " the ancients used a satellite as a guidance " is against common sense because the ancients did not need guidance . 
0" the fire was caused by a glass of water " is against common sense because water puts out fire instead of causing it . " the fire was caused by a glass of water " is against common sense because water can easily get burnt . " the fire was caused by a glass of water " is against common sense because the fire was too big to be put out . 
0" December is the 13th month of a year " is against common sense because there are only 12 months in a year . " December is the 13th month of a year " is against common sense because it is very cold in December . " December is the 13th month of a year " is against common sense because Christmas falls in December . 
2" a prince is a piece used in the game of chess " is against common sense because a prince should be kept away from playing chess . " a prince is a piece used in the game of chess " is against common sense because a prince is not powerful enough to be used in chess . " a prince is a piece used in the game of chess " is against common sense because no pieces are named after a prince . 
0" maid is an important member of a family " is against common sense because a maid is a woman hired and working for a family . " maid is an important member of a family " is against common sense because a maid can do housework well . " maid is an important member of a family " is against common sense because a maid spends most of her time with the family . 
1" he opens the door with a lock " is against common sense because the lock does not match the door . " he opens the door with a lock " is against common sense because a lock can only keep the door firmly closed . " he opens the door with a lock " is against common sense because the lock is in a special shape . 
0" a sea is a large body of sweet water " is against common sense because no sea water tastes sweet . " a sea is a large body of sweet water " is against common sense because we put too little sugar into the sea . " a sea is a large body of sweet water " is against common sense because sea water is not drinkable . 
1" a rooster can lay eggs " is against common sense because a rooster is too old to lay eggs . " a rooster can lay eggs " is against common sense because male chicken doesn't lay eggs due to its biological structure . " a rooster can lay eggs " is against common sense because a rooster doesn't like to lay eggs . 
1" farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun " is against common sense because mushrooms cannot be planted . " farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun " is against common sense because fungi prefer darkness and humidity better than sunshine . " farmers are growing mushrooms under the sun " is against common sense because farmers don't want to harvest mushrooms . 
2" Tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because Tom's girlfriend likes carnations better . " Tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because carnations are cheaper . " Tom buys his girlfriend a bunch of carnations on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because carnations are mostly used on Mother's Day . 
0" soup is best eaten with a fork " is against common sense because it is impossible to ladle soup with a fork . " soup is best eaten with a fork " is against common sense because a fork is too small for soup . " soup is best eaten with a fork " is against common sense because soup is delicious . 
0" there are many fishes in the desert " is against common sense because fishes live in the water rather than sand . " there are many fishes in the desert " is against common sense because a desert is too hot for living creatures . " there are many fishes in the desert " is against common sense because deserts are hard to find . 
2" i fly to Paris to see the Statue of Liberty " is against common sense because the Statue of Liberty attracts thousands of visitors every day . " i fly to Paris to see the Statue of Liberty " is against common sense because the Statue of Liberty was made in France . " i fly to Paris to see the Statue of Liberty " is against common sense because the Statue of Liberty stands on an island in New York harbor . 
2" nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer " is against common sense because nissan doesn't know how to sell the plane it makes . " nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer " is against common sense because nissan doesn't have enough money to make a plane . " nissan is a foreign plane manufacturer " is against common sense because nissan is an automobile manufacturer and sells cars . 
1" food is stored in the pan " is against common sense because a pan can't store much food . " food is stored in the pan " is against common sense because a pan is used for heating not for storage . " food is stored in the pan " is against common sense because everyone has a pan in there home . 
0" the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass " is against common sense because normal glasses cannot reflect lights . " the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass " is against common sense because there are many cats in the glass . " the image of the cat seems to be reflected many times in the glass " is against common sense because the glass is too thick to reflect lights . 
0" she goes traveling on weekdays " is against common sense because weekdays are days where people have to work . " she goes traveling on weekdays " is against common sense because she likes traveling better than work . " she goes traveling on weekdays " is against common sense because her boss never gets angry at her absence . 
0" laughter is a sign of sorrow " is against common sense because people laugh when they are happy . " laughter is a sign of sorrow " is against common sense because laughter makes people sad . " laughter is a sign of sorrow " is against common sense because it is easy for human beings to laugh . 
1" Mary sits at the closet and begins reading " is against common sense because she feels comfortable sitting at the closet . " Mary sits at the closet and begins reading " is against common sense because a closet is used for storing things . " Mary sits at the closet and begins reading " is against common sense because sitting at the closet is a new way of reading . 
0" Jim practices running on the bed every morning " is against common sense because bed is not suitable for running . " Jim practices running on the bed every morning " is against common sense because Jim cannot get up in the morning . " Jim practices running on the bed every morning " is against common sense because there are no playgrounds near Jim's house . 
0" he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon " is against common sense because a ribbon is not firm enough and can only be used as decorations . " he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon " is against common sense because a ribbon is long enough . " he climbs up the mountain with the help of a ribbon " is against common sense because ribbons are colorful and can make people feel pleasant . 
0" he opens a storybook and begins to cook " is against common sense because cooking has nothing to do with stories . " he opens a storybook and begins to cook " is against common sense because he enjoys cooking while reading stories . " he opens a storybook and begins to cook " is against common sense because a storybook teaches people how to cook . 
1" i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor " is against common sense because the chili powder is a fake . " i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor " is against common sense because chili powder tastes spicy rather than sweet . " i put some chili powder to create a sweet flavor " is against common sense because i put chili powder by accident . 
2" Bob looks up a word in a shopping list " is against common sense because Bob doesn't know what to buy . " Bob looks up a word in a shopping list " is against common sense because words are too expensive to be listed on a shopping list . " Bob looks up a word in a shopping list " is against common sense because shopping lists don't tell the meaning of words . 
1" she begins working for relaxation " is against common sense because she loves working better than anything else . " she begins working for relaxation " is against common sense because working can't make people feel relaxed . " she begins working for relaxation " is against common sense because she feels relaxed already . 
2" people usually work on Sundays " is against common sense because everyone needs a break on Sunday . " people usually work on Sundays " is against common sense because God ceased from all the work he had set himself to do on Sunday . " people usually work on Sundays " is against common sense because Sunday is part of a weekend which is conventionally seen as a holiday . 
2" Santa Claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents " is against common sense because Santa Claus finds it impossible to get in the house from the chimney . " Santa Claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents " is against common sense because parents don't have spare money to buy children presents . " Santa Claus pretends to be a parent to give children presents " is against common sense because Santa Claus does not exist in reality . 
1" he sells something to eat to the convenient store " is against common sense because he can't eat all the food he has before shelf life . " he sells something to eat to the convenient store " is against common sense because convenient store sell things to customers rather than buy from them . " he sells something to eat to the convenient store " is against common sense because the convenient store runs out of food . 
1" he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride " is against common sense because the driver is not very kind to him . " he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride " is against common sense because killing people is not the right way to express gratitude . " he killed the driver to thank him for a free ride " is against common sense because killing people is a way to set them free . 
2" she feels ill and goes to see a teacher " is against common sense because she respects her teacher a lot . " she feels ill and goes to see a teacher " is against common sense because she can learn from a teacher . " she feels ill and goes to see a teacher " is against common sense because teachers don't know how to treat illness . 
0" i buy a CD to listen to the latest advertisements " is against common sense because a CD is usually made to record songs . " i buy a CD to listen to the latest advertisements " is against common sense because advertisements always sounds attractive . " i buy a CD to listen to the latest advertisements " is against common sense because advertisements are always recorded on CDs . 
2" it takes me 3 seconds to read the book " is against common sense because i can read very fast . " it takes me 3 seconds to read the book " is against common sense because there aren't many pages in the book . " it takes me 3 seconds to read the book " is against common sense because people can't read a book in 3 seconds yet . 
2" he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet " is against common sense because it takes him a lot of money to buy the cat . " he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet " is against common sense because cats are hard to get along with . " he is allergic to cats so he keeps a cat as a pet " is against common sense because he can't even get close to a cat otherwise he may die . 
2" he runs faster than no one and wins the champion " is against common sense because judges want to encourage him . " he runs faster than no one and wins the champion " is against common sense because he tries really hard to win . " he runs faster than no one and wins the champion " is against common sense because a champion is usually awarded to the one who runs the fastest . 
2" i wear a belfry to be informed of the time " is against common sense because a belfry is out of date so i no longer like it . " i wear a belfry to be informed of the time " is against common sense because the belfry cannot inform me of the right time . " i wear a belfry to be informed of the time " is against common sense because a belfry is a building and cannot be worn . 
1" a plane beats its wings and flies off " is against common sense because a plane doesn't have the energy to beat wings while flying . " a plane beats its wings and flies off " is against common sense because a plane cannot beat its wings . " a plane beats its wings and flies off " is against common sense because only birds can beat their wings . 
0" Jim invites Amy to dance in a pool " is against common sense because people don't dance in the water . " Jim invites Amy to dance in a pool " is against common sense because the water is not very deep for people to dance . " Jim invites Amy to dance in a pool " is against common sense because both Jim and Amy can swim well . 
2" people lived in houses made of wool in the past " is against common sense because wool is not widely used as building materials in the past . " people lived in houses made of wool in the past " is against common sense because people in the past don't like wool . " people lived in houses made of wool in the past " is against common sense because wool is too soft to be made into houses . 
1" it is rainy so they go camping " is against common sense because rainy days are usually not very hot . " it is rainy so they go camping " is against common sense because rainy days are inconvenient for camping . " it is rainy so they go camping " is against common sense because people won't get sunburnt camping in rainy days . 
1" the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning " is against common sense because staff stay up late every night . " the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning " is against common sense because people are usually sleeping at 2 o'clock in the morning . " the regular meeting is held at 2 o'clock in the morning " is against common sense because it is more effective to hold meetings in the morning . 
0" heat the drink with some ice, please " is against common sense because ice has a lower temperature than normal drinks . " heat the drink with some ice, please " is against common sense because i don't really want to have the drink . " heat the drink with some ice, please " is against common sense because the drink tastes bad after been heated . 
0" i eat apples because of my illness " is against common sense because an apple is not a cure for a disease . " i eat apples because of my illness " is against common sense because an apple is nutritious enough to fight against a disease . " i eat apples because of my illness " is against common sense because eating apples can make me happy . 
0" he catches a subway train in a bus stop " is against common sense because a subway train doesn't stop at a bus stop . " he catches a subway train in a bus stop " is against common sense because the subway train stops just for him . " he catches a subway train in a bus stop " is against common sense because he has a serious carsickness . 
0" Mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score " is against common sense because one can only get scores by answering questions the test paper asks . " Mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score " is against common sense because Mary doesn't like taking exams . " Mary asks questions when taking an exam to get a high score " is against common sense because Mary often gets high scores . 
2" human beings shake tails to express their happiness " is against common sense because shaking tails doesn't mean happy for human beings . " human beings shake tails to express their happiness " is against common sense because human beings know how to control their happiness . " human beings shake tails to express their happiness " is against common sense because human beings don't have tails . 
2" he had his hair cut at the butcher's " is against common sense because a butcher do hair cuts for free . " he had his hair cut at the butcher's " is against common sense because he is very familiar with the butcher . " he had his hair cut at the butcher's " is against common sense because a butcher doesn't do hair cuts . 
1" i drink some glass " is against common sense because glass tastes better than water . " i drink some glass " is against common sense because human beings cannot drink a glass . " i drink some glass " is against common sense because i don't drink because of thirst . 
2" Tim and Mary got married on February 31st " is against common sense because February 31st is not a good day for marriage . " Tim and Mary got married on February 31st " is against common sense because Tim and Mary don't want to get married at all . " Tim and Mary got married on February 31st " is against common sense because February doesn't have 31 days . 
0" she writes diaries in a magazine " is against common sense because magazines are not designed to be written in . " she writes diaries in a magazine " is against common sense because she can write down more things in a magazine . " she writes diaries in a magazine " is against common sense because magazines are made of papers . 
0" the girl next to Mary in the photo is her nephew " is against common sense because a nephew is a male relative . " the girl next to Mary in the photo is her nephew " is against common sense because Mary takes good care of her nephew . " the girl next to Mary in the photo is her nephew " is against common sense because Mary's nephew doesn't like taking photos with her . 
1" i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring " is against common sense because a diamond ring is an affordable jewelry for me . " i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring " is against common sense because a diamond is an expensive jewel worthing far more than a dollar . " i spend a dollar to buy a diamond ring " is against common sense because i am not very fond of the ring . 
1" Cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince " is against common sense because Cinderella is a beautiful and kind girl . " Cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince " is against common sense because her stepmother and stepsisters treat her badly . " Cinderella lives a happy life before she meets the prince " is against common sense because Cinderella's mother died before she meets the prince . 
2" children take music classes in the gym " is against common sense because children like music . " children take music classes in the gym " is against common sense because a gym is big enough for all kids to stay in . " children take music classes in the gym " is against common sense because a gym is built for P.E. classes . 
1" Obama has served as President of the USA for twelve years " is against common sense because Obama was the first African American to be elected to the presidency . " Obama has served as President of the USA for twelve years " is against common sense because serving as President for over eight years is against the US Constitution . " Obama has served as President of the USA for twelve years " is against common sense because Obama is a member of the Democratic Party . 
0" children like flying planes in the spring " is against common sense because children cannot get a license to fly a plane at their age . " children like flying planes in the spring " is against common sense because planes are so expensive that few children can afford . " children like flying planes in the spring " is against common sense because children fly planes more easily in spring . 
0" people must have a driver's license to travel abroad " is against common sense because traveling abroad doesn't mean one must know how to drive a car . " people must have a driver's license to travel abroad " is against common sense because driver's license carries personal identity . " people must have a driver's license to travel abroad " is against common sense because a car is a mass transportation for traveling . 
0" it is snowy and very hot outside " is against common sense because rain turns into snow only in cold days . " it is snowy and very hot outside " is against common sense because people are happy to see snowflakes in hot weathers . " it is snowy and very hot outside " is against common sense because snow takes away heat when it melts . 
0" the car stops at the green light " is against common sense because you can go when traffic lights are green . " the car stops at the green light " is against common sense because the driver knows nothing about traffic lights at all . " the car stops at the green light " is against common sense because the driver doesn't care about breaking traffic rules . 
0" people take off clothes when they feel cold " is against common sense because clothes are used to keep people warm . " people take off clothes when they feel cold " is against common sense because clothes act as decorations to human beings . " people take off clothes when they feel cold " is against common sense because clothes don't heat people up in cold weathers . 
1" Trump was Emperor of the USA in 2018 " is against common sense because Trump lived in the White House in the year of 2018 . " Trump was Emperor of the USA in 2018 " is against common sense because the USA is not a monarchy . " Trump was Emperor of the USA in 2018 " is against common sense because Trump makes many decisions for the USA . 
1" he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly " is against common sense because he wants to speak more clearly, too . " he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly " is against common sense because people use their ears to hear . " he puts the radio next to his mouth to hear more clearly " is against common sense because he really suffers from poor hearing . 
0" he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages " is against common sense because vandalizing cultural heritages is against the law . " he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages " is against common sense because he vandalize cultural heritages in a clean and thorough way . " he is honored for vandalizing cultural heritages " is against common sense because governments don't pay enough attention to cultural heritage . 
1" i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell " is against common sense because a toy is not too expensive to afford for me . " i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell " is against common sense because shells are no longer used as money . " i buy a toy for my small brother for a shell " is against common sense because i picked the shell at a beach a long time ago . 
0" they have to live in a mansion because of poverty " is against common sense because a mansion is too expensive for the poor to afford . " they have to live in a mansion because of poverty " is against common sense because people always want to live in large and impressive houses . " they have to live in a mansion because of poverty " is against common sense because a mansion is sometimes very far away from the downtown . 
2" it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition " is against common sense because judges made a wrong decision at the result . " it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition " is against common sense because she hasn't try her best to win the competition . " it is a pity that she only comes the first in the competition " is against common sense because the first is the best position to get . 
0" they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs " is against common sense because an air-raid shelter reinforces against bombing . " they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs " is against common sense because there isn't enough fresh air in an air-raid shelter . " they get out of an air-raid shelter to avoid bombs " is against common sense because a bombing doesn't last for a long time . 
0" the Taj Mahal is made of white maples " is against common sense because the Taj Mahal is not a wooden building . " the Taj Mahal is made of white maples " is against common sense because maple trees are good materials for buildings . " the Taj Mahal is made of white maples " is against common sense because maple trees can be found near the Taj Mahal . 
2" they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other " is against common sense because c++ is a universal language for people around the world . " they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other " is against common sense because c++ is too hard for all people to master because of its unique grammatical system . " they speak in c++ in order to communicate with each other " is against common sense because c++ is for computer programming rather than interpersonal communications . 
1" Stephen William Hawking was a great actor " is against common sense because he played a role in the tv series the Big Bang Theory . " Stephen William Hawking was a great actor " is against common sense because his theory contributed greatly to cosmology . " Stephen William Hawking was a great actor " is against common sense because he was respected and admired by people around the world . 
0" it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby " is against common sense because fathers cannot pregnant up to now . " it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby " is against common sense because fathers cannot endure the pain at all . " it is really painful for a father to give birth to his baby " is against common sense because fathers need to have a cesarean section to bear a baby . 
0" they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest " is against common sense because sleeping in a hotel cannot be called as camping . " they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest " is against common sense because they don't have enough money to sleep in a hotel . " they sleep in a hotel while camping in the forest " is against common sense because it is very comfortable to live in a hotel . 
1" i water my mp3 player two times a week " is against common sense because two times a week is far beyond enough to water an mp3 player . " i water my mp3 player two times a week " is against common sense because an mp3 player will be damaged after been watered . " i water my mp3 player two times a week " is against common sense because my mp3 player wastes too much water . 
0" Mongolia is mass surrounded by water " is against common sense because Mongolia is a landlocked country . " Mongolia is mass surrounded by water " is against common sense because Mongolia locates in the northern hemisphere . " Mongolia is mass surrounded by water " is against common sense because Mongolia is not a developed country yet . 
0" she wears clothes because of nearsightedness " is against common sense because clothes cannot help to correct myopia . " she wears clothes because of nearsightedness " is against common sense because she likes buying all kinds of clothes . " she wears clothes because of nearsightedness " is against common sense because a nearsighted person cannot see clearly from far away . 
2" Tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen " is against common sense because nowadays bikes are not as widely used as they were . " Tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen " is against common sense because his bike is newly bought and very expensive . " Tim buys a pair of socks to prevent his bike from being stolen " is against common sense because socks cannot ensure the safety of a bike . 
1" the cook treats his patients carefully " is against common sense because the cook is very kind to everyone he knows . " the cook treats his patients carefully " is against common sense because cook doesn't treat illness . " the cook treats his patients carefully " is against common sense because cooks are usually very careful . 
2" the Titanic struck a life buoy and sank " is against common sense because there weren't enough lifebuoys on the Titanic . " the Titanic struck a life buoy and sank " is against common sense because the Titanic is not structured sound enough . " the Titanic struck a life buoy and sank " is against common sense because a life buoy cannot damage the Titanic . 
1" he paints the ceiling with cola " is against common sense because cola is not thick enough to be used as paints . " he paints the ceiling with cola " is against common sense because cola cannot color the ceiling . " he paints the ceiling with cola " is against common sense because cola doesn't have a pleasing color . 
2" she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day " is against common sense because few people write letters because emails are more convenient . " she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day " is against common sense because pan pals are friends who write letters to each other . " she writes to her pen pal because they meet each other every day " is against common sense because people usually don't write to people they meet frequently . 
0" a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad " is against common sense because a fresh lemon also tastes sour . " a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad " is against common sense because not all people are fond of a bad lemon's taste . " a lemon tastes sour when it goes bad " is against common sense because bad lemons sell better . 
2" pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on " is against common sense because a pumpkin is not a good material because it goes bad easily . " pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on " is against common sense because Cinderella rides a pumpkin carriage to meet her prince . " pumpkins can be made into carriages for people to ride on " is against common sense because pumpkins are not big enough in reality . 
1" she is cut by a carpet accidentally " is against common sense because she hasn't changed her carpet for a long time . " she is cut by a carpet accidentally " is against common sense because a carpet is too soft to even hurt people . " she is cut by a carpet accidentally " is against common sense because she is not very fond of the carpet . 
2" i use pencils to cut paper cuts " is against common sense because pencil marks on papers can be erased . " i use pencils to cut paper cuts " is against common sense because i cannot cut beautiful paper cuts without a pencil . " i use pencils to cut paper cuts " is against common sense because pencils are not sharp enough to cut papers . 
1" people burnt ice for warmth th the past " is against common sense because ice cannot burn at a temperature to make people feel warm . " people burnt ice for warmth th the past " is against common sense because ice is nonflammable . " people burnt ice for warmth th the past " is against common sense because ice absorbs heat while burning . 
0" Tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up " is against common sense because chocolates is more commonly seen as an expression of love . " Tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up " is against common sense because breaking up with his girlfriend is not the end of Tony's world . " Tony gives his girlfriend chocolates to break up " is against common sense because Tony's girlfriend is not so fond of chocolates . 
1" she brings a scarf because of the rain " is against common sense because a scarf can keep her body warmth . " she brings a scarf because of the rain " is against common sense because a scarf cannot protect people from the rain . " she brings a scarf because of the rain " is against common sense because she looks much better while wearing the scarf . 
2" i will pick you up on the CD disk " is against common sense because i don't know where to find a CD disk at all . " i will pick you up on the CD disk " is against common sense because the CD disk plays beautiful music . " i will pick you up on the CD disk " is against common sense because CD disks are not a place for persons to stay . 
0" we had lunch together on March 33rd " is against common sense because there aren't 33 days in March . " we had lunch together on March 33rd " is against common sense because we will have lunch right now . " we had lunch together on March 33rd " is against common sense because we don't have enough time to have lunch together . 
0" he practices running on noodles every morning " is against common sense because noodles are not for running . " he practices running on noodles every morning " is against common sense because he can run very fast . " he practices running on noodles every morning " is against common sense because he runs to get some noodles for breakfast . 
2" the dog sits there without even a mew " is against common sense because the dog forgets how to make a sound . " the dog sits there without even a mew " is against common sense because the dog is too lazy to make a mew sound . " the dog sits there without even a mew " is against common sense because mew is a sound a cat makes . 
0" he walks in from the wall " is against common sense because people cannot walk through a wall . " he walks in from the wall " is against common sense because he doesn't come in by walking . " he walks in from the wall " is against common sense because he builds a door on the wall temporarily to walk in . 
0" she rides a chair to work " is against common sense because chairs are not a form of transportation . " she rides a chair to work " is against common sense because she takes a day off today . " she rides a chair to work " is against common sense because her chair is broken and cannot be repaired today . 
2" he writes his homework on the dew " is against common sense because teachers don't have homework for him today . " he writes his homework on the dew " is against common sense because he hands in the dew on time . " he writes his homework on the dew " is against common sense because you cannot write on the dew . 
0" a rabbit likes eating meat " is against common sense because a rabbit is a herbivorous . " a rabbit likes eating meat " is against common sense because the rabbit has already had enough food . " a rabbit likes eating meat " is against common sense because meat is going bad and not suitable for a rabbit to eat anymore . 
1" the lake will be frozen in summer " is against common sense because there is too little water in the lake in summer . " the lake will be frozen in summer " is against common sense because the temperature in summer is above the freezing point . " the lake will be frozen in summer " is against common sense because a lake in summer is a great place to pay a visit to . 
1" she washes her computer with warm water " is against common sense because her computer is too dirty to wash . " she washes her computer with warm water " is against common sense because computers break when being washed with water . " she washes her computer with warm water " is against common sense because warm water cannot clean a computer thoroughly . 
0" i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks " is against common sense because chopsticks have not got cutter edges . " i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks " is against common sense because the piece of cloth is too sturdy to be cut . " i cut a piece of cloth with chopsticks " is against common sense because chopsticks are very easy to use . 
0" Mary adds some detergent to her bread " is against common sense because detergent is not eatable . " Mary adds some detergent to her bread " is against common sense because Mary enjoys having bread for meals . " Mary adds some detergent to her bread " is against common sense because Mary's bread is too dirty to eat . 
0" i am preparing for the trip yesterday " is against common sense because no one can prepare for yesterday . " i am preparing for the trip yesterday " is against common sense because i have traveled for many times . " i am preparing for the trip yesterday " is against common sense because yesterday was a good day for traveling . 
0" i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple " is against common sense because traffic lights don't have the color of purple . " i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple " is against common sense because purple is not very easy to recognize at day . " i begin walking as soon as the light turns purple " is against common sense because traffic lights are broken . 
2" i drink coke with a chopstick " is against common sense because coke tastes not so good with chopsticks . " i drink coke with a chopstick " is against common sense because chopsticks are more often used in pairs . " i drink coke with a chopstick " is against common sense because chopsticks are not designed for liquid . 
1" the knitting wool enjoys playing cats " is against common sense because cats are good pets to keep . " the knitting wool enjoys playing cats " is against common sense because the knitting wool is not a living creature . " the knitting wool enjoys playing cats " is against common sense because cats don't know how to tidy knitting wool up after playing . 
0" she takes attractive selfies with her headphone " is against common sense because headphones aren't equipped with cameras . " she takes attractive selfies with her headphone " is against common sense because she is an attractive girl . " she takes attractive selfies with her headphone " is against common sense because she enjoys listening to music with her headphone . 
0" i buy a boyfriend for my sister " is against common sense because people cannot be purchased . " i buy a boyfriend for my sister " is against common sense because my sister reaches marriageable age yet single . " i buy a boyfriend for my sister " is against common sense because no man on earth is worthy of my sister . 
1" His father got excited because he failed the math exam " is against common sense because The math exam was very easy for him . " His father got excited because he failed the math exam " is against common sense because Parents will get angry if their son or daughter fails the exam . " His father got excited because he failed the math exam " is against common sense because He did very well in the math class . 
1" I go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned " is against common sense because Clothes need cleaning once a while . " I go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned " is against common sense because Museums are places for exhibiting famous paintings and precious artifacts . " I go to the museum to get my clothes cleaned " is against common sense because Paintings are of great aesthetic value . 
2" Bob bought chocolate for his enemy on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because Bob's enemy love chocolate . " Bob bought chocolate for his enemy on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because chocolate is a perfect gift on Valentine's Day . " Bob bought chocolate for his enemy on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because people buy gifts for their loved ones instead of hated ones on Valentine's Day . 
0" French fries are made of oranges " is against common sense because oranges can't be used to make French fries . " French fries are made of oranges " is against common sense because oranges are very sweet and juicy . " French fries are made of oranges " is against common sense because the potato is vegetable . 
2" Mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings " is against common sense because human beings have sent rovers to Mars . " Mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings " is against common sense because no human being has ever been to Mars . " Mars is the most suitable homeland for human beings " is against common sense because there's no oxygen and liquid water on Mars, which are necessities for human beings . 
1" Harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket " is against common sense because Harry has to stoop down to reach the basket . " Harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket " is against common sense because the basket is usually higher than a human and stooping down will make Harry lower instead of higher . " Harry stoops down to throw the basketball into the basket " is against common sense because Harry loves playing basketball with his body stooped down . 
2" I'm thirsty so I drink seawater " is against common sense because seawater will make people more thirsty . " I'm thirsty so I drink seawater " is against common sense because seawater contains salt that is beneficial for thirsty people . " I'm thirsty so I drink seawater " is against common sense because a human cannot drink seawater directly . 
1" Alice is running on the sea " is against common sense because the sea is too deep to run on . " Alice is running on the sea " is against common sense because a human cannot run on water like sea . " Alice is running on the sea " is against common sense because running near the sea is dangerous . 
0" Bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers " is against common sense because hurting fingers will cause pain instead of delight . " Bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers " is against common sense because Bob looks delightful before he hurts his fingers . " Bob looks delightful because he hurts his fingers " is against common sense because delightful people tend to get hurt more often . 
2" Maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air " is against common sense because breathing in fresh air can cure coughing . " Maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air " is against common sense because when mixed with haze, fresh air can cause coughing . " Maria coughs when she breathes in fresh air " is against common sense because fresh air usually will not cause coughing . 
1" African lions enjoy eating grass " is against common sense because African lions live in grasslands . " African lions enjoy eating grass " is against common sense because lions are carnivorous, so they eat meat instead of grass . " African lions enjoy eating grass " is against common sense because grass contains vitamins beneficial for African lions . 
1" I graduated from college at the age of 3 " is against common sense because I spent 3 years researching in labs before graduated from college . " I graduated from college at the age of 3 " is against common sense because three-year-olds are too young to go to college . " I graduated from college at the age of 3 " is against common sense because I failed on 3 courses but I still graduated from college . 
1" Bears stay underwater during hibernation " is against common sense because bears drink lots of water before hibernation . " Bears stay underwater during hibernation " is against common sense because bears will drown and die if hibernate underwater . " Bears stay underwater during hibernation " is against common sense because hibernation is necessary for bears because water will freeze in winter . 
1" Alice go to the bathroom for repletion " is against common sense because a feeling of repletion make Alice go to the bathroom . " Alice go to the bathroom for repletion " is against common sense because there's no food in the bathroom . " Alice go to the bathroom for repletion " is against common sense because Alice has a feeling of repletion before going to the bathroom . 
1" I went underwater and took a deep breath " is against common sense because taking a deep breath in advance is helpful to stay longer underwater . " I went underwater and took a deep breath " is against common sense because a human will drown if breathing underwater . " I went underwater and took a deep breath " is against common sense because I was fascinated by the underwater world so I took a deep breath . 
1" Dogs can feed blood to their young ones " is against common sense because young dogs might have the blood type the same as their parents . " Dogs can feed blood to their young ones " is against common sense because blood is not a type of food for young dogs . " Dogs can feed blood to their young ones " is against common sense because young dogs are so thirsty that they drink blood of their parents . 
0" Frank goes to the bank to save people " is against common sense because you don't save people in a bank, instead you put money into your bank account . " Frank goes to the bank to save people " is against common sense because Frank is a doctor working in a hospital near the bank who saved hundreds of people . " Frank goes to the bank to save people " is against common sense because Frank can get more interests saving people than saving money in the bank . 
0" Jack can read books before learning basic words " is against common sense because human can understand books only after grasping basic words . " Jack can read books before learning basic words " is against common sense because human can understand books by guessing even without any knowledge of words . " Jack can read books before learning basic words " is against common sense because human cannot learn basic words before reading books . 
1" Kids fly kites in a windless day " is against common sense because kites will fly steadily without wind . " Kids fly kites in a windless day " is against common sense because kites need the power of wind to fly . " Kids fly kites in a windless day " is against common sense because kids can run fast enough to fly kites in a windless day . 
1" People get together to fight on Christmas Eve " is against common sense because people fight together to celebrate Christmas Eve . " People get together to fight on Christmas Eve " is against common sense because Christmas is a peaceful holiday to celebrate . " People get together to fight on Christmas Eve " is against common sense because Christmas Eve is noisy that some people want to fight . 
2" Jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee " is against common sense because a cup of coffee will taste better with a tea bag in it . " Jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee " is against common sense because tea bags are convenient for making cups of tea . " Jason put a tea bag into his cup to make a cup of coffee " is against common sense because a tea bag will produce a cup of tea, not a cup of coffee . 
0" Harry feels grieved seeing his old friends " is against common sense because meeting with friends usually makes a person happy . " Harry feels grieved seeing his old friends " is against common sense because his old friends are grieved to see Harry . " Harry feels grieved seeing his old friends " is against common sense because Harry is in a state of grief before seeing his friends . 
2" Gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more " is against common sense because she determines to eat more pills to lose weight . " Gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more " is against common sense because her corpulence is mainly because of junk food instead of eating too much . " Gloria determines to lose weight so she eats more " is against common sense because eating more will usually lead to putting on weight instead of losing weight . 
0" Saying "Hello", he walked out of the classroom and went home " is against common sense because "Hello" is used at the time of greeting instead of leaving . " Saying "Hello", he walked out of the classroom and went home " is against common sense because "Hello" is said by him at the time he walked into his home . " Saying "Hello", he walked out of the classroom and went home " is against common sense because "Hello" is said by him to please his classmates in the classroom . 
2" Danis put his smartphone into the washing machine " is against common sense because Danis wants to control the washing machine with his smartphone . " Danis put his smartphone into the washing machine " is against common sense because smartphone will get cleaned if washed by a washing machine . " Danis put his smartphone into the washing machine " is against common sense because smartphone will break if washed by a washing machine . 
1" Billy rides an ant to cross the bridge " is against common sense because an ant is too slow for a person to ride . " Billy rides an ant to cross the bridge " is against common sense because an ant is too small for a person to ride . " Billy rides an ant to cross the bridge " is against common sense because an ant cannot be ridden unless trained properly . 
0" Bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall " is against common sense because water runs from high to low . " Bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall " is against common sense because the raft can go up the waterfall given enough speed . " Bell takes a raft rushing up the waterfall " is against common sense because the waterfall is too high to rush up with a raft . 
0" George put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth " is against common sense because a broom cannot be used to brush teeth . " George put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth " is against common sense because a broom is too heavy to be used to brush teeth . " George put a broom in his mouth to brush teeth " is against common sense because George's mouth is too small to hold a broom . 
2" I closed my mouth against the bright light " is against common sense because the light is not bright enough to harm my mouth . " I closed my mouth against the bright light " is against common sense because I felt thirsty when bright light touched my mouth . " I closed my mouth against the bright light " is against common sense because bright light is not harmful to mouth . 
1" My heart beats slower when I quicken my pace " is against common sense because moving faster makes me relief, so my heart beats slower . " My heart beats slower when I quicken my pace " is against common sense because moving faster usually results in a faster heartbeat . " My heart beats slower when I quicken my pace " is against common sense because my pace is so quick that my heartbeat can't keep up with it . 
0" Bob plays basketball with his cute dog " is against common sense because dogs can't play basketball in most cases . " Bob plays basketball with his cute dog " is against common sense because Bob's dog is exhausted so he can't play basketball . " Bob plays basketball with his cute dog " is against common sense because Bob's dog is too short to play basketball . 
0" Fitz uses a pen to open the lock " is against common sense because pens are not for opening locks . " Fitz uses a pen to open the lock " is against common sense because the pen is too short to open the lock . " Fitz uses a pen to open the lock " is against common sense because Fitz breaks the pen while opening the lock . 
2" Frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water " is against common sense because drinking too much water, regardless of its temperature, usually leads to stomachache . " Frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water " is against common sense because cold water can cool down the stomach to alleviate stomachache . " Frank had s stomachache so he drank more cold water " is against common sense because cold water usually worsen the stomachache instead of alleviating it . 
2" Eric told a lie and his mother praised him " is against common sense because Eric lied about the fact that his mother praised him . " Eric told a lie and his mother praised him " is against common sense because his mother praised him for being honest about that lie . " Eric told a lie and his mother praised him " is against common sense because telling lies is dishonorable . 
0" Henry flew to the USA sitting in a car " is against common sense because a car cannot fly at present . " Henry flew to the USA sitting in a car " is against common sense because the fuel of a car is not enough for flying too far . " Henry flew to the USA sitting in a car " is against common sense because it's not legal to fly a car to the USA . 
1" Carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air " is against common sense because the window of the airplane is too small to be opened . " Carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air " is against common sense because the window of the airplane is sealed and cannot be opened . " Carter opened the window of the airplane to get some fresh air " is against common sense because the air outside of the window is freezing . 
0" On my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration " is against common sense because birthday cakes are foods instead of decorations . " On my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration " is against common sense because birthday cakes are expensive . " On my birthday, we lighted up birthday cakes for celebration " is against common sense because birthday cakes are of great importance for my birthday . 
1" the solar system is located in Earth " is against common sense because the sun is a planet of the Earth system . " the solar system is located in Earth " is against common sense because Earth is a planet of the solar system . " the solar system is located in Earth " is against common sense because Earth is the most habitable planet of the solar system . 
2" When you smile at others, they will cry to you " is against common sense because people usually smile at someone who is crying . " When you smile at others, they will cry to you " is against common sense because smiling at others is offensive and can lead to crying . " When you smile at others, they will cry to you " is against common sense because people usually smile back at someone who smiles at them . 
2" His favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky " is against common sense because the sky is covered by purple clouds . " His favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky " is against common sense because he had a dream of purple sky . " His favorite color is purple, the same color as the sky " is against common sense because the sky is blue, not purple . 
0" Jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store " is against common sense because the hot dog is a kind of food served in a restaurant . " Jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store " is against common sense because the hot dog is sold out in that pet store . " Jenny ordered a hot dog in a pet store " is against common sense because Jenny prefers dogs that are cold instead of hot . 
1" I dried my hair before using shampoo " is against common sense because shampoo will resolve if it contacts with my wet hair . " I dried my hair before using shampoo " is against common sense because when you use shampoo, you wet your hair first . " I dried my hair before using shampoo " is against common sense because my hair is too wet to use shampoo . 
2" The man in black cured him with a bullet " is against common sense because he traded the cure with the man for a bullet . " The man in black cured him with a bullet " is against common sense because a bullet is used to cure someone from death . " The man in black cured him with a bullet " is against common sense because a bullet is used to shoot someone to death . 
0" She boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid " is against common sense because the egg will solidify after boiled . " She boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid " is against common sense because the egg will melt after boiled . " She boiled the egg and the egg turned into liquid " is against common sense because the temperature of the boiling water is too high . 
0" Elisa was terrified bitten by a book " is against common sense because a book cannot bite . " Elisa was terrified bitten by a book " is against common sense because the snake might be poisonous while the book might not . " Elisa was terrified bitten by a book " is against common sense because the book is about a terrifying story . 
1" In the dark, I turn off the light to read a book " is against common sense because the light is so bright that I cannot see the words in the book clearly . " In the dark, I turn off the light to read a book " is against common sense because it makes reading much harder to turn off the light in the dark . " In the dark, I turn off the light to read a book " is against common sense because the book is about turning off the light in the dark . 
2" Atlantic is the biggest continent in the world " is against common sense because Asia is a continent instead of an ocean . " Atlantic is the biggest continent in the world " is against common sense because Atlantic is not big enough . " Atlantic is the biggest continent in the world " is against common sense because Atlantic is an ocean instead of a continent . 
1" The cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm " is against common sense because a blanket is not as warm as a cat . " The cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm " is against common sense because a cat is warm has nothing to do with whether she sits on the blanket . " The cat is sitting on the blanket, because she is warm " is against common sense because cats cannot sit on blankets, because it is poisonous . 
0" Riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces " is against common sense because a steel cup is strong enough to survive a single fall . " Riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces " is against common sense because the steel cup has rusted . " Riko drops a steel cup from the desk and the cup breaks into pieces " is against common sense because the steel cup is already broken before dropping from the desk . 
0" Human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged " is against common sense because human beings do not feed on AC power sources . " Human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged " is against common sense because human beings are manufactured by the god . " Human will get eventually out of power if they are unplugged " is against common sense because there are various sorts of human beings, some of which are solar-powered that can keep working even they are unplugged . 
1" She decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers " is against common sense because hamburgers are not delicious . " She decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers " is against common sense because hamburgers are not healthy . " She decided to eat more healthy foods like hamburgers " is against common sense because hamburgers contain lots of nutrition like fat . 
1" Max stays close to the campfire to keep cool " is against common sense because fire needs oxygen to keep burning . " Max stays close to the campfire to keep cool " is against common sense because fire will give out warmth instead of absorbing warmth . " Max stays close to the campfire to keep cool " is against common sense because the air near the campfire is cool . 
1" Chloe got concentrated when she was bored " is against common sense because she was concentrated on a boring thought . " Chloe got concentrated when she was bored " is against common sense because people usually become distracted when they are bored . " Chloe got concentrated when she was bored " is against common sense because concentration made her bored . 
0" He got a cold and laughed from time to time " is against common sense because catching a cold will usually make people cough instead of laugh . " He got a cold and laughed from time to time " is against common sense because he was more than delighted to get a cold . " He got a cold and laughed from time to time " is against common sense because catching a cold will usually make people tired instead of cough . 
2" Mark ate a big bitter cherry pie " is against common sense because a cherry pie should be big . " Mark ate a big bitter cherry pie " is against common sense because Mark is bad at making cherry pie . " Mark ate a big bitter cherry pie " is against common sense because a cherry pie should be sweet . 
0" Gloria wears a cat on her head " is against common sense because a cat cannot be worn on a person's head . " Gloria wears a cat on her head " is against common sense because the cat is too heavy to be worn on her head . " Gloria wears a cat on her head " is against common sense because a hat cannot be worn on a cat's head . 
2" Harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired " is against common sense because the barbershop lacked the necessary tools to repair his glasses . " Harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired " is against common sense because a barbershop usually repairs computers instead of glasses . " Harry went to the barbershop to have his glasses repaired " is against common sense because a barbershop usually don't provide the service of repairing glasses . 
1" Reilly is sleeping on the window " is against common sense because the window is open and a person cannot lay on it . " Reilly is sleeping on the window " is against common sense because a person cannot sleep on a window . " Reilly is sleeping on the window " is against common sense because the window is too cold to sleep on it . 
2" I have a desk on my lamp " is against common sense because the lamp is made of glass that is fragile . " I have a desk on my lamp " is against common sense because the lamp is of poor quality . " I have a desk on my lamp " is against common sense because a desk is too big to be put on a lamp . 
0" Eric stalled for a while so we ended up early " is against common sense because stalling usually results in being late . " Eric stalled for a while so we ended up early " is against common sense because Eric is used to stalling . " Eric stalled for a while so we ended up early " is against common sense because we were already late before Eric stalled . 
1" Mark called his friends with his pencil " is against common sense because calling with pencils are too slow . " Mark called his friends with his pencil " is against common sense because pencils are not used for communicating . " Mark called his friends with his pencil " is against common sense because Mark used his pencil to write down telephone numbers of his friends . 
0" My friend is cooking a meal on a stone " is against common sense because a stone cannot be used for heating . " My friend is cooking a meal on a stone " is against common sense because the stone is too cold to be used for cooking meals . " My friend is cooking a meal on a stone " is against common sense because the stone is too hard to be used for cooking meals . 
0" Riko made a cup of banana milkshake with apples and milk " is against common sense because making banana milkshake needs bananas, not apples . " Riko made a cup of banana milkshake with apples and milk " is against common sense because making banana milkshake needs milk, not bananas . " Riko made a cup of banana milkshake with apples and milk " is against common sense because making banana milkshake needs shaking, not apples . 
2" My mother was preparing dinner when I woke up in the morning " is against common sense because I prefer dinner than breakfast in the morning . " My mother was preparing dinner when I woke up in the morning " is against common sense because she was too busy to prepare dinner in the morning . " My mother was preparing dinner when I woke up in the morning " is against common sense because you eat dinner in the evening . 
2" Mike drank too much wine so he feels sober now " is against common sense because Mike is not good at drinking wine so he feels sober . " Mike drank too much wine so he feels sober now " is against common sense because drinking too much wine will usually make people vomiting and sober . " Mike drank too much wine so he feels sober now " is against common sense because drinking too much wine will usually not make people sober . 
0" My mother went to an artist to check her teeth " is against common sense because an artist usually cannot treat teeth disease . " My mother went to an artist to check her teeth " is against common sense because the artist was having a toothache . " My mother went to an artist to check her teeth " is against common sense because the artist was working on artworks related to teeth health . 
1" Mike cried after hearing an interesting joke " is against common sense because jokes will usually make interesting people burst into tears . " Mike cried after hearing an interesting joke " is against common sense because jokes will make people happy instead of sad . " Mike cried after hearing an interesting joke " is against common sense because Mike felt offended hearing that interesting joke . 
0" She sharpened the pencil with an eraser " is against common sense because erasers are not for sharpening pencils . " She sharpened the pencil with an eraser " is against common sense because the eraser is very sharp and cannot be used to sharpen the pencil . " She sharpened the pencil with an eraser " is against common sense because she bought a pencil with an eraser . 
2" Being involved in a car accident can ease your life " is against common sense because solving car accidents can be easy . " Being involved in a car accident can ease your life " is against common sense because driving a car without being involved in accidents is easy . " Being involved in a car accident can ease your life " is against common sense because car accidents will make your life harder . 
1" It is dark outside because it is ten am " is against common sense because it is cold outside in the morning . " It is dark outside because it is ten am " is against common sense because it is bright outside in the morning . " It is dark outside because it is ten am " is against common sense because it is dark outside in the evening . 
0" Harry was relaxed because of the nightmare " is against common sense because having nightmares usually will not make people relaxed . " Harry was relaxed because of the nightmare " is against common sense because the nightmare is not terrified enough for Harry . " Harry was relaxed because of the nightmare " is against common sense because he had a nightmare while he was relaxing himself . 
2" Astrid kissed him out of pure hatred " is against common sense because she hated him after kissing him . " Astrid kissed him out of pure hatred " is against common sense because kissing someone will usually not make people hate each other . " Astrid kissed him out of pure hatred " is against common sense because people don't kiss someone they hate . 
1" His son took the school bus to go to work " is against common sense because his son prefers school bus to taxi . " His son took the school bus to go to work " is against common sense because school buses usually bring children back and forth to school . " His son took the school bus to go to work " is against common sense because school buses are not available during weekends . 
2" Throwing stones at cats is treating them nicely " is against common sense because cats can protect themselves from being hurt by stones . " Throwing stones at cats is treating them nicely " is against common sense because hurting stray cats is acceptable . " Throwing stones at cats is treating them nicely " is against common sense because hurting animals is not a nice behavior . 
0" Society demands reward for criminals " is against common sense because rewarding criminals will only make them more savage . " Society demands reward for criminals " is against common sense because it's acceptable to give rewards to some good crimicals . " Society demands reward for criminals " is against common sense because the act of catching criminals should be rewarded . 
0" He saw a car floating at sea " is against common sense because The car is a means of transport on land . " He saw a car floating at sea " is against common sense because The car is made of iron . " He saw a car floating at sea " is against common sense because The car is too expensive . 
0" People can buy potatoes at a fruit shop " is against common sense because Potatoes are not fruits . " People can buy potatoes at a fruit shop " is against common sense because Potatoes are not sold to ordinary people . " People can buy potatoes at a fruit shop " is against common sense because Potatoes are disgusting . 
1" I should take off my underpants when swimming " is against common sense because One man should never take off his underpants . " I should take off my underpants when swimming " is against common sense because Taking off trousers is enough when swimming . " I should take off my underpants when swimming " is against common sense because One man should not take off anything when swimming . 
1" My son needs bra after growing up " is against common sense because Boys hate the bra . " My son needs bra after growing up " is against common sense because Boys do not need a bra . " My son needs bra after growing up " is against common sense because the Bra is not important for everyone . 
1" I choked on water " is against common sense because Water is easy to disgust . " I choked on water " is against common sense because Water is liquid . " I choked on water " is against common sense because Human do not drink water . 
0" If you feel cool you may sweat " is against common sense because sweat helps human radiate heat when needed . " If you feel cool you may sweat " is against common sense because sweat freezes when it is cold . " If you feel cool you may sweat " is against common sense because sweat makes human feel cool . 
0" I go to school for playing the computer game " is against common sense because The purpose of going to school is to learn . " I go to school for playing the computer game " is against common sense because There is no computer game in the school . " I go to school for playing the computer game " is against common sense because playing the computer game is boring . 
1" I slipped on a rock " is against common sense because a rock is too big . " I slipped on a rock " is against common sense because a rock is not smooth . " I slipped on a rock " is against common sense because a rock is conspicuous . 
1" I study eight days a week " is against common sense because I rest on weekends . " I study eight days a week " is against common sense because a week only has 7 days . " I study eight days a week " is against common sense because I am not so hard . 
1" I see a mute chatting with my son " is against common sense because my son can not listen . " I see a mute chatting with my son " is against common sense because a mute can not speak . " I see a mute chatting with my son " is against common sense because a mute can not listen . 
0" a deaf person took part in a concert " is against common sense because a deaf person can't listen . " a deaf person took part in a concert " is against common sense because a deaf person does not have elegant taste . " a deaf person took part in a concert " is against common sense because a deaf person is not admitted to concerts . 
0" I see a cripple running " is against common sense because a cripple can not use legs in a normal way . " I see a cripple running " is against common sense because a cripple lives at sea . " I see a cripple running " is against common sense because a cripple has no leg . 
0" I saw an egg walk on the road " is against common sense because an egg has no leg . " I saw an egg walk on the road " is against common sense because an egg only can fly . " I saw an egg walk on the road " is against common sense because an egg can only be eaten . 
1" a dog is probable to beat a tiger " is against common sense because a dog won't meet a tiger . " a dog is probable to beat a tiger " is against common sense because a dog is weaker than a tiger . " a dog is probable to beat a tiger " is against common sense because a tiger is invincible . 
2" I go to school with a desktop computer " is against common sense because a desktop computer is not admitted to a school . " I go to school with a desktop computer " is against common sense because a desktop computer is expensive . " I go to school with a desktop computer " is against common sense because a desktop computer is not portable enough . 
1" now I plan to sleep so I take a coffee " is against common sense because coffee gives people nightmares . " now I plan to sleep so I take a coffee " is against common sense because coffee keeps people awake . " now I plan to sleep so I take a coffee " is against common sense because coffee makes people get up later . 
2" I travel to the united states by rocket " is against common sense because rocket is dangerous . " I travel to the united states by rocket " is against common sense because rocket is too slow . " I travel to the united states by rocket " is against common sense because rocket is used to carry things to space . 
0" we should borrow things after returning them " is against common sense because borrowing means using other's thing temporarily . " we should borrow things after returning them " is against common sense because borrowing things needs other's trust . " we should borrow things after returning them " is against common sense because we can return things later . 
2" I want to have light food such as steaks " is against common sense because steaks are expensive . " I want to have light food such as steaks " is against common sense because steaks are heavy . " I want to have light food such as steaks " is against common sense because steaks are greasy . 
2" I like swimming in the hole " is against common sense because the hole is too deep . " I like swimming in the hole " is against common sense because the hole is too small . " I like swimming in the hole " is against common sense because there is no water in the hole . 
1" I want world war " is against common sense because war is unavailable . " I want world war " is against common sense because war keeps human from developing well . " I want world war " is against common sense because war is useless . 
0" a snowman will exist forever " is against common sense because a snowman will melt when the temperature rises . " a snowman will exist forever " is against common sense because a snowman is not longevity like the tortoise . " a snowman will exist forever " is against common sense because a snowman is hated by many people . 
0" I like his toy so I can grab it " is against common sense because everyone has his right to control his own thing . " I like his toy so I can grab it " is against common sense because only the toy can decide whom it belongs . " I like his toy so I can grab it " is against common sense because toys can beat human . 
0" patients are cured by nurses " is against common sense because nurses only help doctors . " patients are cured by nurses " is against common sense because nurses are vicious . " patients are cured by nurses " is against common sense because nurses are lazy . 
0" flowers can help you do homework " is against common sense because flowers have no consciousness . " flowers can help you do homework " is against common sense because flowers will allure you . " flowers can help you do homework " is against common sense because flowers are noisy . 
0" we should eat more sugar to protect teeth " is against common sense because sugar will corrode teeth . " we should eat more sugar to protect teeth " is against common sense because if we buy sugar we will have no money to protect teeth . " we should eat more sugar to protect teeth " is against common sense because some sugar's color is not white . 
2" we should take the ice when we catch a cold " is against common sense because ice tastes bad . " we should take the ice when we catch a cold " is against common sense because ice is poisonous . " we should take the ice when we catch a cold " is against common sense because ice is cold . 
1" in summer people wear more clothes than in winter " is against common sense because clothes are cheaper in winter . " in summer people wear more clothes than in winter " is against common sense because more clothes make people warmer . " in summer people wear more clothes than in winter " is against common sense because clothes are more thin in summer . 
1" we can skate on snow " is against common sense because snow is light . " we can skate on snow " is against common sense because snow is soft and rough . " we can skate on snow " is against common sense because snow is dangerous . 
0" we can eat dirt " is against common sense because dirt is dirty and has no nutrition . " we can eat dirt " is against common sense because dirt is too hard . " we can eat dirt " is against common sense because dirt is too black . 
0" mobile phones don't need charging " is against common sense because the battery will deplete its energy . " mobile phones don't need charging " is against common sense because mobile phones are not powered by electricity . " mobile phones don't need charging " is against common sense because the battery has infinity energy . 
0" if we are going to be late we should walk " is against common sense because walking is too slow . " if we are going to be late we should walk " is against common sense because walking is too dangerous . " if we are going to be late we should walk " is against common sense because walking is too tiring . 
0" you can go to the moon by subway " is against common sense because the scope of a subway is always within a city and it can't move in space . " you can go to the moon by subway " is against common sense because subway belongs to a country . " you can go to the moon by subway " is against common sense because subway is a restaurant . 
0" I see a dog playing a computer " is against common sense because a dog can not understand a computer . " I see a dog playing a computer " is against common sense because a dog is not high enough . " I see a dog playing a computer " is against common sense because a dog likes eating bones . 
2" we have an ice ball fight in winter " is against common sense because ice is transparent . " we have an ice ball fight in winter " is against common sense because temperature is not low enough for water to freeze . " we have an ice ball fight in winter " is against common sense because ice ball is hard and dangerous . 
2" milk is made by chicken " is against common sense because human eat chicken . " milk is made by chicken " is against common sense because chicken will drink milk on the sly . " milk is made by chicken " is against common sense because chicken are not mammals . 
1" On Mars, there have many countries " is against common sense because Mars only have one country . " On Mars, there have many countries " is against common sense because Mars does not have any civilization by observation to Mars . " On Mars, there have many countries " is against common sense because Mars is closer to the sun than the earth . 
2" A student can't learn his course " is against common sense because a Student can choose what he wants to learn . " A student can't learn his course " is against common sense because a Student should learn his course in school . " A student can't learn his course " is against common sense because a Student's vocation is learning his course . 
0" Someone can live who don't eat anything " is against common sense because Everyone needs to get nutrition by having something . " Someone can live who don't eat anything " is against common sense because Drinking is necessary for everyone . " Someone can live who don't eat anything " is against common sense because Eating can bring happiness for the majority of people . 
0" A man can see on a dark night " is against common sense because A man needs some light to see . " A man can see on a dark night " is against common sense because A man can see in the day . " A man can see on a dark night " is against common sense because Most people have normal eyes . 
0" It is always cold in July in the northern earth " is against common sense because July is always hot in the northern earth . " It is always cold in July in the northern earth " is against common sense because August is always hot . " It is always cold in July in the northern earth " is against common sense because July is hotter than January . 
1" To get a service or good, you don't have to pay money " is against common sense because money is important for us . " To get a service or good, you don't have to pay money " is against common sense because We need the equivalent trade . " To get a service or good, you don't have to pay money " is against common sense because Most people aren't rich . 
2" Cancer can bring happiness to us " is against common sense because Cancer may be cured . " Cancer can bring happiness to us " is against common sense because Cancer may be found in everyone . " Cancer can bring happiness to us " is against common sense because Cancer is a kind of doom . 
0" people can only feel happiness " is against common sense because Life is sweet and bitter . " people can only feel happiness " is against common sense because Eating can bring happiness to us . " people can only feel happiness " is against common sense because We may all be happy . 
0" Fish can live in a land without water " is against common sense because Most fish can't breathe without water . " Fish can live in a land without water " is against common sense because Fish will die . " Fish can live in a land without water " is against common sense because Some fishes are kind of food . 
2" Computers can eat food " is against common sense because Computers can be bought . " Computers can eat food " is against common sense because a Computer is a good helper to people . " Computers can eat food " is against common sense because Computers have no life . 
2" Everyone lives in the country " is against common sense because Money can buy a house . " Everyone lives in the country " is against common sense because Some people are rich . " Everyone lives in the country " is against common sense because Some people live in the city . 
0" people are only able to be honest " is against common sense because Some people are dishonest . " people are only able to be honest " is against common sense because Honesty is kind of goodness . " people are only able to be honest " is against common sense because Cheat is sometimes good . 
0" If you want to dig a hole then you should use the spoon " is against common sense because Spoon is used for eating and too small . " If you want to dig a hole then you should use the spoon " is against common sense because a Hole is a kind of instrument . " If you want to dig a hole then you should use the spoon " is against common sense because Spoon is usually cheaper than the shovel . 
1" Soldiers will be punished for bravery " is against common sense because Every soldier can get medals . " Soldiers will be punished for bravery " is against common sense because Brave soldiers are good soldiers . " Soldiers will be punished for bravery " is against common sense because Medals are important for the most soldier . 
0" Families should visit relatives during the workdays " is against common sense because People always work outside during the workdays . " Families should visit relatives during the workdays " is against common sense because Relatives want to be visited . " Families should visit relatives during the workdays " is against common sense because Most people have relatives . 
0" I can hold up a car " is against common sense because A car is too heavy to human . " I can hold up a car " is against common sense because We can take a car to travel . " I can hold up a car " is against common sense because A cow is smaller than a car . 
1" Everyone is good-looking " is against common sense because Beauty sometimes can bring luck . " Everyone is good-looking " is against common sense because Some people are ugly . " Everyone is good-looking " is against common sense because Most people hate ugliness . 
2" many vegetables grow on the cement " is against common sense because Vegetables need water to live . " many vegetables grow on the cement " is against common sense because the Vegetable is a kind of plant . " many vegetables grow on the cement " is against common sense because the cement is too hard for vegetables' roots . 
0" A puzzle can be solved easily " is against common sense because Solving puzzle need patience and time . " A puzzle can be solved easily " is against common sense because A puzzle is for enjoying . " A puzzle can be solved easily " is against common sense because A puzzle is for learning . 
1" a Cord can be used for treatment " is against common sense because a Cord can be buy in the market . " a Cord can be used for treatment " is against common sense because a Cord isn't medication . " a Cord can be used for treatment " is against common sense because a Cord is cheap . 
1" You can take your airplane to visit Mars " is against common sense because Mars is bigger than England . " You can take your airplane to visit Mars " is against common sense because Visiting Mars needs an airship . " You can take your airplane to visit Mars " is against common sense because People can live in Mars . 
2" A bus takes passengers from the sea " is against common sense because The bus is expensive in the market . " A bus takes passengers from the sea " is against common sense because a bus is weighty . " A bus takes passengers from the sea " is against common sense because Passengers wait for a bus at the bus stop . 
2" Ireland is a planet " is against common sense because Earth is a planet . " Ireland is a planet " is against common sense because Ireland is smaller than China . " Ireland is a planet " is against common sense because Ireland is on Earth . 
2" A person want moldy bread " is against common sense because Bread is delicious . " A person want moldy bread " is against common sense because Bread may be moldy . " A person want moldy bread " is against common sense because moldy bread is harmful . 
0" Oil comes from the air " is against common sense because Oil is made from dead animals in the field . " Oil comes from the air " is against common sense because Oil can be used as a kind of energy . " Oil comes from the air " is against common sense because Oil can be found in the ocean . 
0" Planes are almost made of gold " is against common sense because Gold is too expensive and too heavy . " Planes are almost made of gold " is against common sense because Gold can't float on water . " Planes are almost made of gold " is against common sense because Planes are big . 
1" you can find aliens in a zoo " is against common sense because A zoo has many animals . " you can find aliens in a zoo " is against common sense because there are only earth animal in a zoo . " you can find aliens in a zoo " is against common sense because human is a kind of animal . 
2" You would dance because you want to rest " is against common sense because Some people like to dance . " You would dance because you want to rest " is against common sense because Dancing can bring happiness . " You would dance because you want to rest " is against common sense because Dancing can make people tired . 
0" If you want to go to work then you should pay your fees " is against common sense because the Boss should pay for your work . " If you want to go to work then you should pay your fees " is against common sense because Working is harder than studying . " If you want to go to work then you should pay your fees " is against common sense because Working can bring happiness . 
0" I see a sheep eating a fish " is against common sense because Sheep usually eat grass . " I see a sheep eating a fish " is against common sense because Fish is bigger than sheep . " I see a sheep eating a fish " is against common sense because Fish don't like to be eaten by sheep . 
0" My dad's dad is my grandma " is against common sense because My dad's mother is my grandma . " My dad's dad is my grandma " is against common sense because My grandma is my grandpa's wife . " My dad's dad is my grandma " is against common sense because My grandpa's dad is my dad . 
0" Eating is an emotion between people " is against common sense because Eating is a real action . " Eating is an emotion between people " is against common sense because eating makes people full . " Eating is an emotion between people " is against common sense because People with love can eat . 
1" we can buy fresh fruits and vegetables from a Coffee shop " is against common sense because a Coffee shop is always quiet . " we can buy fresh fruits and vegetables from a Coffee shop " is against common sense because a Coffee shop only offers drinks . " we can buy fresh fruits and vegetables from a Coffee shop " is against common sense because we can buy coffee from the Coffee shop . 
2" You are likely to find a cake in a drawer " is against common sense because we find cake and then eat it . " You are likely to find a cake in a drawer " is against common sense because no one will save folder in a drawer . " You are likely to find a cake in a drawer " is against common sense because a drawer is used to save small things like folder . 
1" most birds include penguins can fly " is against common sense because penguins don't like flying . " most birds include penguins can fly " is against common sense because penguins' wings are not strong enough . " most birds include penguins can fly " is against common sense because the penguin is a kind of birds . 
1" I will feel energetic after running " is against common sense because I can run if i feel energetic . " I will feel energetic after running " is against common sense because running makes me tired and hungry . " I will feel energetic after running " is against common sense because running is an energetic action . 
0" my friends play computer games in the gymnasium " is against common sense because a gymnasium is a place to sport . " my friends play computer games in the gymnasium " is against common sense because we can play computer games in the internet bar . " my friends play computer games in the gymnasium " is against common sense because my friends don't like playing computer games . 
1" people feel sick while kissing " is against common sense because people like kissing . " people feel sick while kissing " is against common sense because kissing is a pleasant action . " people feel sick while kissing " is against common sense because people will kiss if they feel sick . 
0" I like climbing because I fear of heights " is against common sense because climbing can lead to heights. . " I like climbing because I fear of heights " is against common sense because climbing can help us overcome our fear of heights . " I like climbing because I fear of heights " is against common sense because climbing is a dangerous sport . 
1" people usually eat ice cream in winter " is against common sense because Ice cream makes people feel sick . " people usually eat ice cream in winter " is against common sense because people usually eat cream in a hot day . " people usually eat ice cream in winter " is against common sense because Ice cream makes people feel warm . 
2" we wear thin clothes in winter " is against common sense because thin clothes is enough to keep us warm . " we wear thin clothes in winter " is against common sense because we will feel cold in winter . " we wear thin clothes in winter " is against common sense because thin clothes can't keep you warm . 
1" we can only see white clouds in the air " is against common sense because clouds have many shapes . " we can only see white clouds in the air " is against common sense because we can see dark clouds in the air . " we can only see white clouds in the air " is against common sense because we can only see white clouds . 
0" I lie on a hamburger in my room " is against common sense because A hamburger is a kind of food to eat . " I lie on a hamburger in my room " is against common sense because people is much bigger than a hamburger . " I lie on a hamburger in my room " is against common sense because I have no hamburger in my room . 
1" people usually use wood to put out a fire " is against common sense because people usually fire with wood . " people usually use wood to put out a fire " is against common sense because wood will make fire greater . " people usually use wood to put out a fire " is against common sense because wood can't be fired . 
0" people can harvest fruits without planting seeds " is against common sense because people can harvest fruits only after planting seeds . " people can harvest fruits without planting seeds " is against common sense because a seed will become a fruits . " people can harvest fruits without planting seeds " is against common sense because planting seeds results in fruits . 
0" people will get dry while taking a shower " is against common sense because the water will make people wet while taking a shower . " people will get dry while taking a shower " is against common sense because people will be clean while taking a shower . " people will get dry while taking a shower " is against common sense because people will get dry after taking a shower . 
2" people can play the violin without learning " is against common sense because some people can play the violin without learning . " people can play the violin without learning " is against common sense because people can play the violin after learning . " people can play the violin without learning " is against common sense because playing the violin requires learning . 
2" no one can learn from books " is against common sense because books are helpful to people . " no one can learn from books " is against common sense because people can learn nothing from books . " no one can learn from books " is against common sense because many people usually learn with books . 
2" most of the leaves are red " is against common sense because leaves have many colors . " most of the leaves are red " is against common sense because no leaves are red . " most of the leaves are red " is against common sense because only a few leaves are red . 
0" I will celebrate the failure of the game " is against common sense because Failure is a bad thing . " I will celebrate the failure of the game " is against common sense because I don't care about games . " I will celebrate the failure of the game " is against common sense because People usually celebrate everything . 
2" I will have a trip to a police office " is against common sense because some people don't like tripping . " I will have a trip to a police office " is against common sense because people can have a trip to many places . " I will have a trip to a police office " is against common sense because a police office is not a place for tripping . 
0" I should study during whole night " is against common sense because people need time to sleep . " I should study during whole night " is against common sense because people can study at night . " I should study during whole night " is against common sense because learning at night is inefficient . 
0" I can drive after drinking " is against common sense because driving after drinking is dangerous . " I can drive after drinking " is against common sense because drinking makes one unconscious . " I can drive after drinking " is against common sense because drinking makes people dangerous . 
1" I saw a baby holding a woman. " is against common sense because Babies need to be taken care of by women . " I saw a baby holding a woman. " is against common sense because Babies are not strong enough to hold women . " I saw a baby holding a woman. " is against common sense because some women have babies . 
1" Today I will have lunch before breakfast. " is against common sense because Breakfast and lunch can be eaten on different days . " Today I will have lunch before breakfast. " is against common sense because Breakfast is usually earlier than lunch on the same day . " Today I will have lunch before breakfast. " is against common sense because Breakfast and lunch can be eaten on the same day . 
2" I can cook any food simply " is against common sense because people like cooking food . " I can cook any food simply " is against common sense because some foods are simple to cook . " I can cook any food simply " is against common sense because Some foods are difficult to cook . 
2" I saw a square pizza. " is against common sense because Nobody can make a square pizza. . " I saw a square pizza. " is against common sense because Square pizza taste better than round one . " I saw a square pizza. " is against common sense because Pizza is usually round. . 
2" I saw an island on land. " is against common sense because Islands are hard to be seen by people . " I saw an island on land. " is against common sense because An island is a small land. . " I saw an island on land. " is against common sense because the island is surrounded by water . 
1" I have free access to all museums without tickets " is against common sense because people can enter most museums if they have tickets . " I have free access to all museums without tickets " is against common sense because Some museums need admission tickets . " I have free access to all museums without tickets " is against common sense because people can enter some museums without tickets . 
2" We cut down trees to protect the environment " is against common sense because Cutting down trees must damage the environment . " We cut down trees to protect the environment " is against common sense because The more trees there are, the better the environment will be. . " We cut down trees to protect the environment " is against common sense because trees are usually beneficial to the environment. . 
1" People like diseases. " is against common sense because Some diseases are good for people . " People like diseases. " is against common sense because Diseases usually make people uncomfortable . " People like diseases. " is against common sense because Diseases make people ugly . 
2" My friend is my family member " is against common sense because My family member is my friend . " My friend is my family member " is against common sense because my friend may become my family member . " My friend is my family member " is against common sense because Family members are related by blood . 
2" I can use the money to buy all houses " is against common sense because people who have money can buy houses . " I can use the money to buy all houses " is against common sense because Some houses can be bought with money . " I can use the money to buy all houses " is against common sense because Some houses can't be bought and sold . 
1" a stone is an animal " is against common sense because some animals look like stone . " a stone is an animal " is against common sense because Animals are alive and stone is not alive . " a stone is an animal " is against common sense because a stone isn't a plant . 
1" We communicate in different languages " is against common sense because Language is used for communication. . " We communicate in different languages " is against common sense because communicating in different languages is weird . " We communicate in different languages " is against common sense because people can't communicate without language . 
1" Dogs like eating grass " is against common sense because cows like eating grass. . " Dogs like eating grass " is against common sense because Most dogs only eat meat. . " Dogs like eating grass " is against common sense because fish isn't a kind of meat . 
0" I saw a man wearing glasses of three lens " is against common sense because we have at most two eyes . " I saw a man wearing glasses of three lens " is against common sense because some people have only one eye . " I saw a man wearing glasses of three lens " is against common sense because some people have no eyes . 
2" I will laugh if my family is dead " is against common sense because Death may be a happy thing . " I will laugh if my family is dead " is against common sense because people will laugh if their enemy is dead . " I will laugh if my family is dead " is against common sense because the death of a family member makes people sad . 
0" a Man should play with violent tigers " is against common sense because violent tigers are dangerous to humans . " a Man should play with violent tigers " is against common sense because some tigers are close to humans . " a Man should play with violent tigers " is against common sense because Most tigers are stronger than humans . 
0" I will quit my job if I need money " is against common sense because people could get paid from jobs . " I will quit my job if I need money " is against common sense because people without jobs may have money. . " I will quit my job if I need money " is against common sense because people who have money may have jobs . 
1" I am happy because I am poor " is against common sense because some poor people are happy . " I am happy because I am poor " is against common sense because money makes most people happy . " I am happy because I am poor " is against common sense because some rich people are happy . 
2" I like cakes because I like salty food " is against common sense because I like salty food because I like cake . " I like cakes because I like salty food " is against common sense because People can make salty cakes . " I like cakes because I like salty food " is against common sense because most cakes are not salty . 
2" He walks faster than the driving car. " is against common sense because some cars are very slow . " He walks faster than the driving car. " is against common sense because people may run faster than car . " He walks faster than the driving car. " is against common sense because People walk very slowly while the car is fast . 
1" today I will go to the amusement park to see elephants. " is against common sense because an amusement park is a kind of public park . " today I will go to the amusement park to see elephants. " is against common sense because An amusement park is a place to play instead of a place to see animals. . " today I will go to the amusement park to see elephants. " is against common sense because an amusement park has a lot of things that you can ride and play on . 
2" eating fruits and vegetables makes me fat " is against common sense because fat people could eat fruits and vegetables . " eating fruits and vegetables makes me fat " is against common sense because eating fruits and vegetables makes people thin . " eating fruits and vegetables makes me fat " is against common sense because fruits and vegetables are beneficial to the human body . 
0" She doesn't like flowers, so I send her roses. " is against common sense because A rose is classified as a flower . " She doesn't like flowers, so I send her roses. " is against common sense because she must be allergic to flowers . " She doesn't like flowers, so I send her roses. " is against common sense because people should send flowers except for roses . 
0" I saw a man breathing in the water. " is against common sense because the human can only breath in the air. . " I saw a man breathing in the water. " is against common sense because Fish can breathe in water . " I saw a man breathing in the water. " is against common sense because Dogs can't breathe in water . 
2" He lay under the watermelon tree " is against common sense because most of the watermelons are green . " He lay under the watermelon tree " is against common sense because Some trees are taller than people. . " He lay under the watermelon tree " is against common sense because Watermelon trees do not exist . 
0" today I will go to my hometowns " is against common sense because Everyone has only one hometown. . " today I will go to my hometowns " is against common sense because people were born in their hometown . " today I will go to my hometowns " is against common sense because Different people have different hometowns. . 
0" My blood type is the same as everyone. " is against common sense because there are many blood types but everyone has only one blood type. . " My blood type is the same as everyone. " is against common sense because Different people may have the same blood type . " My blood type is the same as everyone. " is against common sense because Different people have different blood types . 
1" I drink coffee before I go to bed. " is against common sense because Coffee is a drink . " I drink coffee before I go to bed. " is against common sense because coffee will awake people up . " I drink coffee before I go to bed. " is against common sense because people can drink coffee if they don't want to sleep . 
0" He is a hunter afraid of little animals. " is against common sense because Not afraid of animals is necessary to hunters . " He is a hunter afraid of little animals. " is against common sense because most animals fear hunters . " He is a hunter afraid of little animals. " is against common sense because some animals is dangerous . 
1" I use calculators to play computer games. " is against common sense because people can use computers to play computer games . " I use calculators to play computer games. " is against common sense because Calculators can only be used for calculations . " I use calculators to play computer games. " is against common sense because people can use calculators to calculate . 
1" I have a light bulb emitting black light. " is against common sense because some light bulb can emit colorful lights . " I have a light bulb emitting black light. " is against common sense because There is no black light in the world. . " I have a light bulb emitting black light. " is against common sense because some light bulb is black . 
1" some monkeys teach human acrobatics " is against common sense because Human ancestors are monkeys. . " some monkeys teach human acrobatics " is against common sense because monkeys are not qualified to teach human . " some monkeys teach human acrobatics " is against common sense because Human beings are similar to monkeys. . 
2" If you want to take a walk then you should wear a hat " is against common sense because Walking may make your feet tired. . " If you want to take a walk then you should wear a hat " is against common sense because A hat can keep out the rain. . " If you want to take a walk then you should wear a hat " is against common sense because people can walk without hats . 
1" If you want to make people laugh then you can hit them " is against common sense because the people hitting others may laugh . " If you want to make people laugh then you can hit them " is against common sense because the people getting hit will feel pain . " If you want to make people laugh then you can hit them " is against common sense because some people like hit others . 
2" I use the refrigerator to cook food. " is against common sense because people can use refrigerators to save cooked food . " I use the refrigerator to cook food. " is against common sense because people can use a pen to cook food . " I use the refrigerator to cook food. " is against common sense because the refrigerator is a tool to keep food fresh . 
0" I should play games at my school " is against common sense because School is the place for learning . " I should play games at my school " is against common sense because people can play games in their home . " I should play games at my school " is against common sense because some people will play games after school . 
1" He put the fire in his hand. " is against common sense because The fire is bright and hot . " He put the fire in his hand. " is against common sense because Fire will burn people's hands . " He put the fire in his hand. " is against common sense because Fire is transparent . 
2" you may always find a computer user in a wine bar " is against common sense because people are likely to find a computer user in a computer lab . " you may always find a computer user in a wine bar " is against common sense because people are likely to find an alcoholic in a wine bar . " you may always find a computer user in a wine bar " is against common sense because wine bars are usually places for drinking . 
2" people usually sleep on the water. " is against common sense because some people can swim in the water . " people usually sleep on the water. " is against common sense because people cannot sleep on fire . " people usually sleep on the water. " is against common sense because people usually sleep on the bed . 
1" If you want to walk on the street then you should have money " is against common sense because Walking can bring good body for us . " If you want to walk on the street then you should have money " is against common sense because Walking is free of charge . " If you want to walk on the street then you should have money " is against common sense because We may pick up the money when we are walking . 
0" Pushing a bike requires much strength " is against common sense because bikes are light . " Pushing a bike requires much strength " is against common sense because bikes are made of metal . " Pushing a bike requires much strength " is against common sense because bikes are cheap . 
1" Ennui would make you become happy " is against common sense because Ennui means that you are not busy . " Ennui would make you become happy " is against common sense because Ennui means that you do nothing and keep wasting time . " Ennui would make you become happy " is against common sense because ennui makes you lose money . 
2" Something you find at a house is a fighter plane " is against common sense because Running a fighter plane is difficult . " Something you find at a house is a fighter plane " is against common sense because the Fighter plane is important in a war . " Something you find at a house is a fighter plane " is against common sense because the Fighter plane is a very big weapon that can't be owned by ordinary people . 
1" A baby can fix a computer " is against common sense because Computer is very useful . " A baby can fix a computer " is against common sense because Fixing a computer is difficult . " A baby can fix a computer " is against common sense because A baby can watch the movie by computer . 
1" Accidents are a good thing " is against common sense because You never know which is the first to arrive tomorrow or the Accidents . " Accidents are a good thing " is against common sense because Accidents usually bring pain . " Accidents are a good thing " is against common sense because We may meet an accident anytime . 
0" Blind people can watch the TV " is against common sense because Blind people can watch nothing . " Blind people can watch the TV " is against common sense because Blind people are unfortunate . " Blind people can watch the TV " is against common sense because blind people may be deaf . 
0" A child will be a child forever " is against common sense because Growing up is the law of nature . " A child will be a child forever " is against common sense because Being a child can be fun . " A child will be a child forever " is against common sense because Child usually is the flower of a country . 
1" Batteries can power a lantern forever " is against common sense because The battery is used to store electricity . " Batteries can power a lantern forever " is against common sense because The battery has a certain capacity . " Batteries can power a lantern forever " is against common sense because The battery can be bought in the market . 
2" A drought happens when excessive rain falls " is against common sense because People need water when a drought happen . " A drought happens when excessive rain falls " is against common sense because A drought can be found in Africa . " A drought happens when excessive rain falls " is against common sense because A drought is raised by lack of water . 
2" If you want to have a haircut then you should go to a library " is against common sense because a Haircut usually can bring beauty . " If you want to have a haircut then you should go to a library " is against common sense because People need a haircut to clean themselves . " If you want to have a haircut then you should go to a library " is against common sense because a Library doesn't have a barber . 
2" If you want to read a book then you should get it from the restaurant " is against common sense because A city usually has restaurants and library . " If you want to read a book then you should get it from the restaurant " is against common sense because We can buy some food from a restaurant . " If you want to read a book then you should get it from the restaurant " is against common sense because the Restaurant doesn't sell or lend the book . 
1" The effect of attending a classical concert is impetuous " is against common sense because We can enjoy music at a classical concert . " The effect of attending a classical concert is impetuous " is against common sense because A classical concert usually can make people calm . " The effect of attending a classical concert is impetuous " is against common sense because Attending a classical concert need a ticket . 
0" Something that might happen when you diminish your own hunger is taking exercise " is against common sense because Taking exercise will make you hungry . " Something that might happen when you diminish your own hunger is taking exercise " is against common sense because Taking exercise is good for health . " Something that might happen when you diminish your own hunger is taking exercise " is against common sense because Taking exercise is important . 
0" Something you find in the home is actors " is against common sense because Actors only can be found at a movie . " Something you find in the home is actors " is against common sense because Actors are highly paid . " Something you find in the home is actors " is against common sense because Actors are people too . 
2" Going on strike is for having fun " is against common sense because Going on strike exists anywhere . " Going on strike is for having fun " is against common sense because Going on strike is less common . " Going on strike is for having fun " is against common sense because Going on strike is serious and may make people lose jobs . 
0" a person is anxious for undesired things " is against common sense because undesired things are useless to people . " a person is anxious for undesired things " is against common sense because Everything has its value . " a person is anxious for undesired things " is against common sense because People always desire something . 
1" You are likely to find a potato in a fruit bowl " is against common sense because a potato is a kind of plant . " You are likely to find a potato in a fruit bowl " is against common sense because a Potato isn't a kind of fruit . " You are likely to find a potato in a fruit bowl " is against common sense because a fruit bowl is too small . 
2" Something you find in downtown is a volcano " is against common sense because volcanos are too high . " Something you find in downtown is a volcano " is against common sense because volcanos are powerful . " Something you find in downtown is a volcano " is against common sense because a city won't exist near the volcano . 
1" His hair is getting longer after a haircut " is against common sense because people should have a haircut if their hair is too long . " His hair is getting longer after a haircut " is against common sense because a haircut includes beautifying the hair through trimming it . " His hair is getting longer after a haircut " is against common sense because people with a short hair can have a haircut . 
2" He took the paper out of the printer and printed it " is against common sense because some printers need to be connected to computers . " He took the paper out of the printer and printed it " is against common sense because Printers can print text on paper . " He took the paper out of the printer and printed it " is against common sense because printers only prints the paper inside them . 
2" taking a walk is harmful to health in general " is against common sense because healthy people like walking . " taking a walk is harmful to health in general " is against common sense because sometimes taking a walk will make people tired . " taking a walk is harmful to health in general " is against common sense because Walking is a form of exercise and can let people be stronger . 
2" People usually eat moldy bread " is against common sense because Bread that has lasted for a long time is liable to mildew . " People usually eat moldy bread " is against common sense because some bread tastes terrible . " People usually eat moldy bread " is against common sense because moldy bread is harmful to human . 
0" People can't make friends in clubs " is against common sense because we can meet many nice people in clubs . " People can't make friends in clubs " is against common sense because We can join clubs that we are interested in . " People can't make friends in clubs " is against common sense because some people in clubs are not friendly . 
2" He is a thrifty man and he often wastes food " is against common sense because thrifty people should throw away bad food . " He is a thrifty man and he often wastes food " is against common sense because thrifty people may waste food . " He is a thrifty man and he often wastes food " is against common sense because Wasting food is luxurious behavior . 
0" He was very energetic because he stayed up late last night " is against common sense because Staying up late will make people tired . " He was very energetic because he stayed up late last night " is against common sense because people will be energetic after a nice sleep . " He was very energetic because he stayed up late last night " is against common sense because people will be energetic after resting . 
2" he goes to the cinema to watch animals " is against common sense because There may be many people in the cinema . " he goes to the cinema to watch animals " is against common sense because There's a big screen in the cinema . " he goes to the cinema to watch animals " is against common sense because A cinema is usually a place to watch movies . 
1" students usually play their mobile phones in class time " is against common sense because people can play their mobile phones after class . " students usually play their mobile phones in class time " is against common sense because students are supposed to listen carefully in class time . " students usually play their mobile phones in class time " is against common sense because People can't sleep during class time . 
2" We make cakes with butter and wood " is against common sense because People can make furniture from wood . " We make cakes with butter and wood " is against common sense because Cakes are usually sweet . " We make cakes with butter and wood " is against common sense because the human can't eat wood . 
2" No one will die in war " is against common sense because War costs a lot of money . " No one will die in war " is against common sense because People hate war . " No one will die in war " is against common sense because wars always cause the injured and the dead . 
2" he is healthy and always takes medicine " is against common sense because Some medicines are good for human . " he is healthy and always takes medicine " is against common sense because healthy people can take medicine . " he is healthy and always takes medicine " is against common sense because People usually take medicine when they are ill . 
0" Cowardly people love horror movies " is against common sense because horror movies are usually scary . " Cowardly people love horror movies " is against common sense because A timid person may enjoy watching love movies . " Cowardly people love horror movies " is against common sense because Daring people may love horror movies . 
1" People usually fly in the sky " is against common sense because birds usually fly in the sky . " People usually fly in the sky " is against common sense because People don't have wings and flying needs wings . " People usually fly in the sky " is against common sense because Monkeys can't fly in the air . 
0" He washes potatoes in a washing machine " is against common sense because Washing potatoes is likely to damage the washing machine . " He washes potatoes in a washing machine " is against common sense because People can wash sweaters in a washing machine . " He washes potatoes in a washing machine " is against common sense because people can wash potatoes with a brush . 
1" No living thing can live in the sea " is against common sense because a human can't live in the sea . " No living thing can live in the sea " is against common sense because at least fish can survive in the sea . " No living thing can live in the sea " is against common sense because Most oceans are blue . 
0" People like to wear wet clothes " is against common sense because wearing Wet clothes make most people uncomfortable . " People like to wear wet clothes " is against common sense because The clothes are wet just after washing . " People like to wear wet clothes " is against common sense because People don't like to wear dirty clothes . 
2" He is older than his father " is against common sense because He is younger than his mother . " He is older than his father " is against common sense because He is older than his son . " He is older than his father " is against common sense because Only after your father is born can you be born . 
1" People can speak loudly in the library " is against common sense because People can borrow books in the library . " People can speak loudly in the library " is against common sense because a library needs to be quiet . " People can speak loudly in the library " is against common sense because People can speak loudly in their home . 
0" People can't go back to where they are after they circle the earth " is against common sense because The earth is approximately a ball . " People can't go back to where they are after they circle the earth " is against common sense because earth is much bigger than human . " People can't go back to where they are after they circle the earth " is against common sense because There are many human beings on earth . 
0" human can live on the sun " is against common sense because Man can't stand the high temperature of the sun . " human can live on the sun " is against common sense because man can live on the earth . " human can live on the sun " is against common sense because human don't want live on the sun . 
0" most cats can swim " is against common sense because Cats are usually afraid of water . " most cats can swim " is against common sense because most cats can catch mice . " most cats can swim " is against common sense because most dogs can swim . 
2" You might feel happy when you're stuck in traffic " is against common sense because The traffic jam may be caused by too many cars . " You might feel happy when you're stuck in traffic " is against common sense because Traffic jams occur in every part of the country . " You might feel happy when you're stuck in traffic " is against common sense because Traffic jams can disrupt your schedule . 
0" We will feel relaxed from sitting or standing for long periods of time " is against common sense because Sitting or standing for long periods of time can clog our blood flow . " We will feel relaxed from sitting or standing for long periods of time " is against common sense because After standing for a long time, sitting down will relax us . " We will feel relaxed from sitting or standing for long periods of time " is against common sense because After sitting for a long time, standing up will make us relaxed . 
1" Cats and mice are good friends " is against common sense because The cat wants to see mice . " Cats and mice are good friends " is against common sense because The cat eats mice for food . " Cats and mice are good friends " is against common sense because Rats are not popular . 
0" The sea is sweet " is against common sense because Seawater is full of salt and mineral . " The sea is sweet " is against common sense because There is a lot of seawater on the earth . " The sea is sweet " is against common sense because The sea looks blue from the land . 
0" Fireflies are usually annoying " is against common sense because Fireflies are beautiful when they glow . " Fireflies are usually annoying " is against common sense because We can see fireflies at night . " Fireflies are usually annoying " is against common sense because Fireflies usually appear in groups . 
0" Flowers have only one color " is against common sense because anthocyanins can be change into many colors . " Flowers have only one color " is against common sense because Flowers are beautiful . " Flowers have only one color " is against common sense because Many flowers are fragrant . 
0" Hail comes in winter " is against common sense because Winter is dry and there is not enough water vapor to form hail . " Hail comes in winter " is against common sense because Hail can do us harm . " Hail comes in winter " is against common sense because Hail is less common . 
1" A man with a big head must be clever " is against common sense because Not everyone is clever . " A man with a big head must be clever " is against common sense because A man's intelligence usually depends on his education . " A man with a big head must be clever " is against common sense because Smart people are very capable . 
0" Breathing through the mouse is healthy " is against common sense because The mouth cannot filter out harmful substances . " Breathing through the mouse is healthy " is against common sense because The mouth can be used to eat . " Breathing through the mouse is healthy " is against common sense because The nose is above the mouth . 
0" you can eat sprouted potatoes " is against common sense because Sprouted potatoes are poisonous . " you can eat sprouted potatoes " is against common sense because Sprouted potatoes can be found in the supermarket . " you can eat sprouted potatoes " is against common sense because Sprouted potatoes can be used to grow new potatoes . 
2" Waste batteries can be thrown away at will " is against common sense because A discarded battery is useless . " Waste batteries can be thrown away at will " is against common sense because Waste batteries usually run out of power . " Waste batteries can be thrown away at will " is against common sense because Waste batteries cause pollution . 
2" Vitamin C can be eaten with seafood " is against common sense because Vitamin C can prevent scurvy . " Vitamin C can be eaten with seafood " is against common sense because Vitamin C is very important to us . " Vitamin C can be eaten with seafood " is against common sense because Vitamin C is toxic when it's eaten with seafood . 
1" Smoking is allowed in public places " is against common sense because Smoking is harmful to health . " Smoking is allowed in public places " is against common sense because Smoking in public places will cause trouble to others . " Smoking is allowed in public places " is against common sense because Smoking is not a good thing . 
0" children need four hours of sleep every day " is against common sense because children are supposed to have adequate sleep . " children need four hours of sleep every day " is against common sense because they don't like sleeping . " children need four hours of sleep every day " is against common sense because Sleep is good for the child . 
1" Ears can smell " is against common sense because nose can smell . " Ears can smell " is against common sense because Ears are used to hear . " Ears can smell " is against common sense because The nose is a body organ . 
2" the Football is played by hand " is against common sense because It's funny to play basketball . " the Football is played by hand " is against common sense because It's tiring to play football . " the Football is played by hand " is against common sense because Football is played by foot . 
1" Dinner should be around one o'clock " is against common sense because Lunch is usually plentiful . " Dinner should be around one o'clock " is against common sense because Dinner should be around six o'clock . " Dinner should be around one o'clock " is against common sense because Some old people don't eat dinner . 
1" Westerners like the number thirteen " is against common sense because Westerners are usually religious . " Westerners like the number thirteen " is against common sense because Westerners believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck . " Westerners like the number thirteen " is against common sense because Westerners like to eat steak . 
2" eating fruits is bad for health " is against common sense because fruits are colorful . " eating fruits is bad for health " is against common sense because everyone eats fruits . " eating fruits is bad for health " is against common sense because fruits contain a lot of nutrition . 
1" children need to drink beer before going to school " is against common sense because beer is much tastier . " children need to drink beer before going to school " is against common sense because children are not allowed to drink beer . " children need to drink beer before going to school " is against common sense because milk is much more expensive than beer . 
2" I play football every day because I love playing computer games " is against common sense because there are too many kinds of computer games . " I play football every day because I love playing computer games " is against common sense because there are more people loving football than computer games . " I play football every day because I love playing computer games " is against common sense because computer games are nothing to do with football . 
1" it is rainy, so we can play football outside " is against common sense because foot ball stores may close in rainy day . " it is rainy, so we can play football outside " is against common sense because a rainy day is not suitable for playing football . " it is rainy, so we can play football outside " is against common sense because raining makes insects fly low . 
0" students have to copy homework in class " is against common sense because copying homework does harm to your grades . " students have to copy homework in class " is against common sense because it is not the right time to copy homework in class . " students have to copy homework in class " is against common sense because copying homework is too tiring . 
0" Tokyo is in China " is against common sense because Tokyo is the capital of Japan . " Tokyo is in China " is against common sense because Japanese are very kind . " Tokyo is in China " is against common sense because Japan is much smaller than China . 
2" In the evening, I will eat breakfast " is against common sense because it will take more time to eat dinner than eat breakfast . " In the evening, I will eat breakfast " is against common sense because the dinner is pretty delicious . " In the evening, I will eat breakfast " is against common sense because we normally eat breakfast in the morning . 
2" I am tired, so I need to go to work " is against common sense because I have two beds in my bedroom . " I am tired, so I need to go to work " is against common sense because I need to make money by working hard day and night . " I am tired, so I need to go to work " is against common sense because working will make people more tired . 
1" birds live in the ocean " is against common sense because many animals can't breathe in water . " birds live in the ocean " is against common sense because birds are not able to breathe in water . " birds live in the ocean " is against common sense because there are many animals living in the ocean . 
1" there are different kinds of trees in the ocean " is against common sense because trees are tall and green . " there are different kinds of trees in the ocean " is against common sense because most trees will die if they live in the ocean . " there are different kinds of trees in the ocean " is against common sense because the ocean is the place for fish to live . 
2" I take a television to school every day " is against common sense because a mobile phone is cheaper than television . " I take a television to school every day " is against common sense because it is much more interesting to play computer games by mobile phone . " I take a television to school every day " is against common sense because the television is too heavy to take to school . 
1" the bag is too weighty, so I cannot hold it " is against common sense because the heavy bag is valuable . " the bag is too weighty, so I cannot hold it " is against common sense because it's easier for us to hold lighter things . " the bag is too weighty, so I cannot hold it " is against common sense because there is nothing in the light bag . 
2" I am ill so I need to see an actor " is against common sense because the actor is good-looking . " I am ill so I need to see an actor " is against common sense because The actor is able to help you when you are ill . " I am ill so I need to see an actor " is against common sense because an actor can't cure your disease . 
2" I work hard so I fail the exam finally " is against common sense because I will be awarded by my parents if I pass the exam . " I work hard so I fail the exam finally " is against common sense because students will fail the exam if they work hard . " I work hard so I fail the exam finally " is against common sense because students will pass the exam if they work hard . 
1" I finished my work late last night so I am energetic now " is against common sense because people will be energetic if they do less work . " I finished my work late last night so I am energetic now " is against common sense because people will be tired if they do too much work . " I finished my work late last night so I am energetic now " is against common sense because people will be tired if they sleep enough . 
0" it is summer so I need to put on more clothes " is against common sense because wearing too many clothes makes you feel very hot and uncomfortable . " it is summer so I need to put on more clothes " is against common sense because wearing too many clothes in summer is unaffordable . " it is summer so I need to put on more clothes " is against common sense because wearing too many clothes are too tiring . 
0" I get up too early so I will be late for school " is against common sense because you will have enough time to go to school if you get up early . " I get up too early so I will be late for school " is against common sense because getting up early is a good habit . " I get up too early so I will be late for school " is against common sense because getting up late is a bad habit . 
1" I am hungry now so I am going to a hospital " is against common sense because there are doctors in the hospital . " I am hungry now so I am going to a hospital " is against common sense because the restaurant is the place for eating . " I am hungry now so I am going to a hospital " is against common sense because there is a restaurant in the hospital . 
2" the food tastes awful so I want to eat it again " is against common sense because the food my mother cooks tastes good . " the food tastes awful so I want to eat it again " is against common sense because I like trying various food . " the food tastes awful so I want to eat it again " is against common sense because no one wants to eat awful food again . 
1" most grasses are black " is against common sense because grasses help carbon cycle . " most grasses are black " is against common sense because the color of black can't help grasses living well . " most grasses are black " is against common sense because grasses will be eaten by cows . 
2" we meet whales in the forest " is against common sense because a whale is a kind of mammal . " we meet whales in the forest " is against common sense because whales can breathe in air . " we meet whales in the forest " is against common sense because whales live in the sea and there is no sea in the forest . 
0" he put out the fire with oil " is against common sense because oil makes the fire . " he put out the fire with oil " is against common sense because oil is a kind of liquid . " he put out the fire with oil " is against common sense because the color of the oil is yellow . 
1" he often listens to the video " is against common sense because videotapes have limited content . " he often listens to the video " is against common sense because a video include the information of vision mainly . " he often listens to the video " is against common sense because it is not convenient to keep . 
2" there is a sea in the front of the classroom " is against common sense because sea water is salty . " there is a sea in the front of the classroom " is against common sense because a sea is not necessary for a classroom . " there is a sea in the front of the classroom " is against common sense because a sea is too expansive to be inside the classroom . 
2" we take photos of willow catkins in winter " is against common sense because the color of willow catkins is white . " we take photos of willow catkins in winter " is against common sense because willow catkins are the seed of willow . " we take photos of willow catkins in winter " is against common sense because willow catkins usually only appear in spring . 
1" he uses a bamboo basket to fetch water " is against common sense because a bamboo basket is too light . " he uses a bamboo basket to fetch water " is against common sense because a bamboo basket leaks water . " he uses a bamboo basket to fetch water " is against common sense because water is transparent . 
2" They feel warmer after the snow " is against common sense because they have not seen the sun for many days . " They feel warmer after the snow " is against common sense because they wear less when the snow stopped . " They feel warmer after the snow " is against common sense because snow will absorb heat when it melts . 
2" He cut metal with scissors " is against common sense because some scissors' quality is low . " He cut metal with scissors " is against common sense because some parts of scissors are made of metal . " He cut metal with scissors " is against common sense because the metal is too hard to cut with scissors . 
0" my family fly kites on rainy days " is against common sense because kites can hardly fly high in rainy day . " my family fly kites on rainy days " is against common sense because they feel cold on rainy days . " my family fly kites on rainy days " is against common sense because the wind is not strong enough in rainy days . 
1" An ant knocked down a tree " is against common sense because ants are animals while trees are plants . " An ant knocked down a tree " is against common sense because an ant is too weak to do that . " An ant knocked down a tree " is against common sense because trees can't crawl like ants . 
1" they search penguins in the Arctic " is against common sense because the Arctic is warmer than the Antarctic . " they search penguins in the Arctic " is against common sense because penguins only live in the Antarctic . " they search penguins in the Arctic " is against common sense because penguins can not fly . 
0" we hear thunder first in thunderstorm days " is against common sense because light travels much faster than sound . " we hear thunder first in thunderstorm days " is against common sense because the time of lightning is short . " we hear thunder first in thunderstorm days " is against common sense because the voice of thunder frighten some people . 
1" the cat caught a tiger " is against common sense because cats can not eat a tiger . " the cat caught a tiger " is against common sense because tigers are stronger than cats . " the cat caught a tiger " is against common sense because the volume of a cat is smaller than the volume of a tiger . 
1" some fish are flying in the sky " is against common sense because fish can not live without water . " some fish are flying in the sky " is against common sense because fish have no wings . " some fish are flying in the sky " is against common sense because fish often swim in groups . 
2" he built a snowman on a summer day " is against common sense because the snowman is white . " he built a snowman on a summer day " is against common sense because the summer is the hottest season in a year . " he built a snowman on a summer day " is against common sense because there are few snowy days in the summer . 
1" most plants provide carbon dioxide for the human " is against common sense because many kinds of plants are green . " most plants provide carbon dioxide for the human " is against common sense because most plants turn carbon dioxide into oxygen . " most plants provide carbon dioxide for the human " is against common sense because too much carbon dioxide is harmful to human . 
1" wheat grows in the ocean " is against common sense because the water in the ocean is too salty . " wheat grows in the ocean " is against common sense because there is no soil for wheat to grow up in the ocean . " wheat grows in the ocean " is against common sense because wheat needs sunlight when growing up . 
1" he saw eight colors when the rainbow appears " is against common sense because the rainbow only appears for a few seconds . " he saw eight colors when the rainbow appears " is against common sense because the rainbow is made up of seven colors . " he saw eight colors when the rainbow appears " is against common sense because red is the first color in the rainbow . 
0" thirst would make you want to sleep " is against common sense because sleep cannot relieve the feeling of thirst . " thirst would make you want to sleep " is against common sense because sleeping too much is not good for your health . " thirst would make you want to sleep " is against common sense because sleep relieves the feeling of toil . 
0" People can grow black hair all the time " is against common sense because When people grow old their hair turns white . " People can grow black hair all the time " is against common sense because The hair may be getting thinner and thinner . " People can grow black hair all the time " is against common sense because Hair is very important to us . 
0" African skin is mostly white " is against common sense because Africans have more melanin in their skin . " African skin is mostly white " is against common sense because Africa is usually not rich . " African skin is mostly white " is against common sense because Many Africans are good at sports . 
0" close relatives can marry " is against common sense because The children of close relatives may have many defects and are not ethical . " close relatives can marry " is against common sense because The DNA of close relatives is similar . " close relatives can marry " is against common sense because Close relatives often share a common ancestor . 
0" Goldfish usually sleep with their eyes closed " is against common sense because Goldfish have no eyelids . " Goldfish usually sleep with their eyes closed " is against common sense because The goldfish is beautiful . " Goldfish usually sleep with their eyes closed " is against common sense because Goldfish are usually used to decorate houses . 
1" the color of Animal blood includes only red " is against common sense because Blood is important to us . " the color of Animal blood includes only red " is against common sense because Spider blood is turquoise . " the color of Animal blood includes only red " is against common sense because Human blood is red . 
1" All animals are active in winter " is against common sense because It can be very cold to come out in winter . " All animals are active in winter " is against common sense because Bears hibernate in winter which reduces energy loss . " All animals are active in winter " is against common sense because In cold places people wear thick clothes in winter . 
2" All insects have no sense of smell " is against common sense because Some insects are edible . " All insects have no sense of smell " is against common sense because Insects generally smell bad . " All insects have no sense of smell " is against common sense because Many insects can smell with their antennae . 
1" The fish is sweet " is against common sense because Fish cannot live without water . " The fish is sweet " is against common sense because The skin of a fish smells fishy . " The fish is sweet " is against common sense because Fish have scales . 
0" The turtle usually lives very short " is against common sense because Turtle metabolism is slow and its vitality is very strong . " The turtle usually lives very short " is against common sense because The turtle walks slowly . " The turtle usually lives very short " is against common sense because The turtle has a hard shell . 
1" Leaves grow on trees forever " is against common sense because Leaves are important to trees . " Leaves grow on trees forever " is against common sense because When the leaf gets old, it will fall from the tree . " Leaves grow on trees forever " is against common sense because Leaves have many colors . 
0" Bones are soft " is against common sense because Bones contain a lot of minerals that make them hard . " Bones are soft " is against common sense because there are bone marrow in bones . " Bones are soft " is against common sense because Bones can be turned into ashes . 
2" the Fire has only one color " is against common sense because Fire is an important material of human civilization . " the Fire has only one color " is against common sense because fire's color is usually red . " the Fire has only one color " is against common sense because burning with Different chemicals will produce different colors . 
2" Silverware is bad for food " is against common sense because Silver can be used for jewelry . " Silverware is bad for food " is against common sense because Silver is expensive . " Silverware is bad for food " is against common sense because Silver can kill bacteria . 
1" The seawater is blue " is against common sense because The seawater is salty . " The seawater is blue " is against common sense because Seawater has no color . " The seawater is blue " is against common sense because There is a lot of seawater . 
2" Seawater is drinkable " is against common sense because Seawater is unhealthy . " Seawater is drinkable " is against common sense because Seawater is drinkable . " Seawater is drinkable " is against common sense because there are too much salt in seawater . 
1" We usually hear thunder first and then see lightning " is against common sense because Thunders are generally scary . " We usually hear thunder first and then see lightning " is against common sense because Light travels faster than sound . " We usually hear thunder first and then see lightning " is against common sense because Lightning sometimes hurts people . 
0" Human tears are generally sweet " is against common sense because Tears contain salts . " Human tears are generally sweet " is against common sense because Little children like to cry . " Human tears are generally sweet " is against common sense because People usually shed tears when they are sad . 
2" Cats generally like to eat vegetables " is against common sense because Vegetables are nutritious . " Cats generally like to eat vegetables " is against common sense because Fish is delicious . " Cats generally like to eat vegetables " is against common sense because Cats need taurine from fish . 
2" The audiences of concerts are usually noisy " is against common sense because Attending a classical concert need a ticket . " The audiences of concerts are usually noisy " is against common sense because Concerts are usually elegant . " The audiences of concerts are usually noisy " is against common sense because If the audience is noisy the music cannot be heard . 
0" wild geese fly north in winter In the northern hemisphere " is against common sense because the winter in The north of northern hemisphere is cold and not suitable for wild geese . " wild geese fly north in winter In the northern hemisphere " is against common sense because wild Geese migrate in flocks . " wild geese fly north in winter In the northern hemisphere " is against common sense because Wild geese can fly high . 
2" In nature, the leaves of all plants are oval " is against common sense because Some of the leaves of plants are edible . " In nature, the leaves of all plants are oval " is against common sense because The leaves of plants are usually green . " In nature, the leaves of all plants are oval " is against common sense because Some plants have round leaves . 
2" There may be more polluted after the rain " is against common sense because Rain makes the mood worse . " There may be more polluted after the rain " is against common sense because Some people don't like rain . " There may be more polluted after the rain " is against common sense because Rain can absorb pollution . 
2" The Olympic Games for the disabled " is against common sense because The disabled are normally shy . " The Olympic Games for the disabled " is against common sense because The disabled will participate in the Paralympic Games . " The Olympic Games for the disabled " is against common sense because The Olympics are for all athletes . 
1" Cloth bags can hold water " is against common sense because Liquid will spill from cloth bags . " Cloth bags can hold water " is against common sense because Water can leak out of the cloth bags . " Cloth bags can hold water " is against common sense because We can't live without water . 
2" when it snows it isn't cold " is against common sense because The snow is white . " when it snows it isn't cold " is against common sense because It often snows in the Antarctic . " when it snows it isn't cold " is against common sense because Snow should exist at low temperatures . 
0" I am born in Japan so I am Chinese " is against common sense because people who are born in Japan are Japanese . " I am born in Japan so I am Chinese " is against common sense because Japan is located in the east of Asian . " I am born in Japan so I am Chinese " is against common sense because Japan famous for its cartoon in the world . 
2" humans walk with four legs " is against common sense because humans usually walk wearing shoes . " humans walk with four legs " is against common sense because cats walk with four legs . " humans walk with four legs " is against common sense because humans only have two legs . 
2" a car is a kind of animal " is against common sense because I go to school by car . " a car is a kind of animal " is against common sense because most animals are very cute . " a car is a kind of animal " is against common sense because Cars are lifeless . 
1" sea water is sweet " is against common sense because Children like to eat sugar . " sea water is sweet " is against common sense because Sea water contains salt instead of sugar . " sea water is sweet " is against common sense because I love swimming in the sea . 
2" If you want to go on the internet then you should buy a book " is against common sense because I love reading books . " If you want to go on the internet then you should buy a book " is against common sense because We can get knowledge from books . " If you want to go on the internet then you should buy a book " is against common sense because Books can't connect to the Internet . 
2" Christmas is the thirteenth month of the year " is against common sense because I like Christmas . " Christmas is the thirteenth month of the year " is against common sense because Thirteen is not a lucky number . " Christmas is the thirteenth month of the year " is against common sense because There are only twelve months in a year . 
1" we can judge whether one can buy a beer by his height " is against common sense because he is taller than his father . " we can judge whether one can buy a beer by his height " is against common sense because It is difficult to judge a person's age by height . " we can judge whether one can buy a beer by his height " is against common sense because It is difficult to judge a person's height by age . 
0" Peace brings suffering " is against common sense because people can develop steadily without hurting others . " Peace brings suffering " is against common sense because War life is everyone's hope . " Peace brings suffering " is against common sense because I went through World War . 
1" parents hate their kids " is against common sense because most parents get along well with each other . " parents hate their kids " is against common sense because most parents get along well with their kids . " parents hate their kids " is against common sense because I love my parents . 
0" If you want to sleep you need to go to bathroom " is against common sense because The bathroom is for bathing . " If you want to sleep you need to go to bathroom " is against common sense because the bedroom is bigger than the bathroom . " If you want to sleep you need to go to bathroom " is against common sense because the bathroom is cleaner than the bedroom . 
2" a pig can lay eggs " is against common sense because Pigs are very smart . " a pig can lay eggs " is against common sense because Birds are not mammals . " a pig can lay eggs " is against common sense because Pigs are mammals . 
0" I love music so I play basketball every day " is against common sense because Basketball is not an instrument . " I love music so I play basketball every day " is against common sense because playing basketball is not interesting . " I love music so I play basketball every day " is against common sense because I hate watching basketball games . 
1" Raincoats are used on sunny days " is against common sense because The raincoat is too heavy . " Raincoats are used on sunny days " is against common sense because There's no need to wear raincoats on sunny days . " Raincoats are used on sunny days " is against common sense because I often play basketball on sunny days . 
1" nurses teach students " is against common sense because there are many nurses in the hospital . " nurses teach students " is against common sense because The duty of a nurse is to take care of patients . " nurses teach students " is against common sense because most nurses are women . 
2" My grandmother is so mean that everyone likes her " is against common sense because I am very friendly to my classmates . " My grandmother is so mean that everyone likes her " is against common sense because One of my teachers is mean to me . " My grandmother is so mean that everyone likes her " is against common sense because Nobody likes mean people . 
0" we develop our friendship by fighting with each other " is against common sense because Fighting does not enhance our friendship . " we develop our friendship by fighting with each other " is against common sense because I chat with my classmate in class . " we develop our friendship by fighting with each other " is against common sense because Fighting will be criticized by teachers . 
2" an eraser can be used to write on paper " is against common sense because I have two pens . " an eraser can be used to write on paper " is against common sense because I do not have an eraser . " an eraser can be used to write on paper " is against common sense because an eraser is an implement used to erase something . 
1" I study at the party " is against common sense because I sing very well . " I study at the party " is against common sense because A party is not a place to learn . " I study at the party " is against common sense because I hate studying . 
2" The south pole is very hot " is against common sense because The equatorial temperature is higher than that of the Antarctic . " The south pole is very hot " is against common sense because I love winter . " The south pole is very hot " is against common sense because The temperature in Antarctica is very low . 
2" Ordinary cars have no wheels " is against common sense because wheels are sold in car shops . " Ordinary cars have no wheels " is against common sense because My truck has six wheels . " Ordinary cars have no wheels " is against common sense because A car can't move forward without wheels . 
0" Ears are for seeing " is against common sense because Eyes are for seeing . " Ears are for seeing " is against common sense because I love listening to music . " Ears are for seeing " is against common sense because I am blind . 
2" I talk to Chinese native speakers to improve my English speaking " is against common sense because Chinese are very kind . " I talk to Chinese native speakers to improve my English speaking " is against common sense because China is located in the east of Asia . " I talk to Chinese native speakers to improve my English speaking " is against common sense because speaking Chinese can not improve your English speaking . 
1" The words are so big that I cannot read them clearly " is against common sense because My handwriting is poor . " The words are so big that I cannot read them clearly " is against common sense because Larger words are easier to read . " The words are so big that I cannot read them clearly " is against common sense because My house is very big . 
1" I sleep every day to exercise " is against common sense because I get up early every day . " I sleep every day to exercise " is against common sense because sleeping is not able to build up your body . " I sleep every day to exercise " is against common sense because I can run very fast . 
2" I ran so slowly that I won the championship " is against common sense because I walk so slowly that I am late for school . " I ran so slowly that I won the championship " is against common sense because I run every day to exercise . " I ran so slowly that I won the championship " is against common sense because You cannot win the championship if you run too slowly . 
0" Tragedy makes me laugh " is against common sense because Tragedy usually makes people cry . " Tragedy makes me laugh " is against common sense because I love watching comedy and hate watching tragedy . " Tragedy makes me laugh " is against common sense because Comedy is more interesting than tragedy . 
1" I like art so I majored in mathematics " is against common sense because if you dislike art you are not supposed to major in art . " I like art so I majored in mathematics " is against common sense because if you like art you need to major in art . " I like art so I majored in mathematics " is against common sense because my mother dislikes art . 
0" I am poor so I can buy a Lamborghini " is against common sense because the Lamborghini is expensive . " I am poor so I can buy a Lamborghini " is against common sense because There is a big gap between rich and poor in world . " I am poor so I can buy a Lamborghini " is against common sense because There are many billionaires in China . 
1" snakes are able to fly " is against common sense because Birds are able to fly . " snakes are able to fly " is against common sense because Snakes have no wings . " snakes are able to fly " is against common sense because My father is good at swimming . 
2" the paper is made from soil " is against common sense because it is very complicated to produce the paper by using soil . " the paper is made from soil " is against common sense because the paper is white while the soil is brown . " the paper is made from soil " is against common sense because soil cannot provide wood fiber for paper . 
0" we use soap to clean our hair " is against common sense because the ingredients of soap are not suitable for cleaning our hair . " we use soap to clean our hair " is against common sense because our hair needs our care . " we use soap to clean our hair " is against common sense because soap is slippery . 
2" a rabbit can eat a frog " is against common sense because a frog is too big for a rabbit to eat . " a rabbit can eat a frog " is against common sense because some kinds of frogs are poisonous . " a rabbit can eat a frog " is against common sense because rabbits are vegetarian so that they do not eat the frog . 
1" we often wear a scarf in the summer " is against common sense because a scarf is too thick . " we often wear a scarf in the summer " is against common sense because a scarf is used in cold weather to keep warm . " we often wear a scarf in the summer " is against common sense because summer is a season for short skirt . 
0" A student will die if he doesn't pass the exam " is against common sense because Even if a student does not pass the exam it can only be said that his grades are not good . " A student will die if he doesn't pass the exam " is against common sense because Most students dislike examinations . " A student will die if he doesn't pass the exam " is against common sense because It is a great pleasure to get a score of one hundred . 
1" it's possible to ski in sahara " is against common sense because The Sahara has a lot of sand . " it's possible to ski in sahara " is against common sense because The Sahara is hot and there is no snow . " it's possible to ski in sahara " is against common sense because The Sahara is not fit to live . 
1" Smuggling drugs will be commended " is against common sense because Drugs can be synthesized by chemical methods . " Smuggling drugs will be commended " is against common sense because It is illegal to smuggle drugs . " Smuggling drugs will be commended " is against common sense because Some drugs can be used as medicine . 
2" the firstborn child is youngest and other children are older " is against common sense because Birth means a new birth into the world . " the firstborn child is youngest and other children are older " is against common sense because We were born with our eyes closed . " the firstborn child is youngest and other children are older " is against common sense because The earlier he is born the older he is . 
1" It costs very little to buy gold " is against common sense because Gold can be made into jewelry . " It costs very little to buy gold " is against common sense because Gold is very expensive . " It costs very little to buy gold " is against common sense because The density of gold is very high . 
0" If you want to sew then you should get a gun " is against common sense because Guns are not used to sew clothes . " If you want to sew then you should get a gun " is against common sense because Guns can be used to kill people . " If you want to sew then you should get a gun " is against common sense because guns are hard to get . 
2" Sometimes people put shoes on their hands " is against common sense because hands are more flexible than feet . " Sometimes people put shoes on their hands " is against common sense because The average person needs to put on a pair of shoes . " Sometimes people put shoes on their hands " is against common sense because Shoes are usually put on feet . 
0" When you are near-sighted, you can't see things near at hand " is against common sense because Nearsightedness is the inability to see at a long distance . " When you are near-sighted, you can't see things near at hand " is against common sense because if you get Nearsightedness you need glasses . " When you are near-sighted, you can't see things near at hand " is against common sense because Nearsightedness is normal in highly educated people . 
2" People can live without food for a long time " is against common sense because if we eat healthy food we will live longer . " People can live without food for a long time " is against common sense because Searching for food is the instinct of animals . " People can live without food for a long time " is against common sense because Without food people can only live for a short time . 
0" The clothes will be dirty after being washed " is against common sense because The stain can be removed by washing . " The clothes will be dirty after being washed " is against common sense because Washing clothes usually involves washing powder . " The clothes will be dirty after being washed " is against common sense because You may use a washing machine . 
0" we can just wait for their self-healing after we break our legs " is against common sense because You can't get over a broken leg without treatment . " we can just wait for their self-healing after we break our legs " is against common sense because The broken leg is very painful . " we can just wait for their self-healing after we break our legs " is against common sense because We all hope to have a pair of healthy legs . 
1" Being sedentary is a good thing " is against common sense because We wanted to sit down after standing for a long time . " Being sedentary is a good thing " is against common sense because Sitting for long periods may cause hemorrhoids . " Being sedentary is a good thing " is against common sense because When we use the computer we will usually sit down . 
1" a Dog usually bite acquaintances when it sees them " is against common sense because Dogs are human's friends . " a Dog usually bite acquaintances when it sees them " is against common sense because Dogs do not usually bite their masters . " a Dog usually bite acquaintances when it sees them " is against common sense because dogs are good at biting . 
1" Ripe apples are hot " is against common sense because Ripe apples have a lot of moisture in them . " Ripe apples are hot " is against common sense because Ripe apples have a lot of sugar in them instead of capsaicin . " Ripe apples are hot " is against common sense because Apples grow on trees . 
1" All the birds can fly " is against common sense because Birds like to eat worms . " All the birds can fly " is against common sense because An ostrich cannot fly . " All the birds can fly " is against common sense because Most birds have wings . 
2" People usually don't use pillows when they sleep " is against common sense because Pillows are usually soft . " People usually don't use pillows when they sleep " is against common sense because People can sleep without pillows . " People usually don't use pillows when they sleep " is against common sense because Pillows can make people sleep more comfortably and healthy . 
1" People usually don't use tableware when they eat " is against common sense because Tableware is not a necessity for eating . " People usually don't use tableware when they eat " is against common sense because Tableware makes eating more convenient . " People usually don't use tableware when they eat " is against common sense because Chopsticks are a kind of tableware . 
0" people eat their lunch in the bathroom " is against common sense because People usually wash and rinse in the bathroom . " people eat their lunch in the bathroom " is against common sense because people can eat lunch in restaurants . " people eat their lunch in the bathroom " is against common sense because the space of the bathroom is usually small . 
2" People usually wash their hair with toothpaste " is against common sense because People can wash their hair after brushing teeth . " People usually wash their hair with toothpaste " is against common sense because Toothpaste is usually white . " People usually wash their hair with toothpaste " is against common sense because Toothpaste is specially used for brushing teeth . 
0" The moon is brighter than the sun " is against common sense because the moon just reflect the light of the sun . " The moon is brighter than the sun " is against common sense because The sun is bigger than the moon . " The moon is brighter than the sun " is against common sense because The sun is hotter than the moon . 
0" People usually lie on chairs " is against common sense because Most chairs are smaller than people and lying on chairs may be dangerous . " People usually lie on chairs " is against common sense because Most chairs are made of wood . " People usually lie on chairs " is against common sense because Chairs usually have many legs . 
0" I opened the wardrobe to illuminate the room " is against common sense because Wardrobes usually can't shine . " I opened the wardrobe to illuminate the room " is against common sense because Wardrobe can be used to preserve clothes . " I opened the wardrobe to illuminate the room " is against common sense because People usually put a wardrobe in their room . 
0" Men usually use lipstick " is against common sense because Lipsticks are cosmetics and men usually don't wear makeup . " Men usually use lipstick " is against common sense because Lipstick can make people look better . " Men usually use lipstick " is against common sense because Lipsticks are usually colorful . 
1" Vegetarian usually like eating meat " is against common sense because Meat is obtained by killing animals . " Vegetarian usually like eating meat " is against common sense because Most vegetarians only eat vegetables and fruits . " Vegetarian usually like eating meat " is against common sense because Meat can provide energy for people . 
1" Dogs can eat chocolate " is against common sense because people can eat chocolate . " Dogs can eat chocolate " is against common sense because Chocolate is poisonous for dogs . " Dogs can eat chocolate " is against common sense because Dogs can't eat stones . 
1" We can't know the time through the watch " is against common sense because people may know the wrong time by their watch . " We can't know the time through the watch " is against common sense because A watch is a timing tool . " We can't know the time through the watch " is against common sense because Most watches have a dial . 
1" People usually eat the peel of the watermelon " is against common sense because Watermelon peel is usually green . " People usually eat the peel of the watermelon " is against common sense because Watermelon peel is so hard that people usually can't bite it . " People usually eat the peel of the watermelon " is against common sense because Watermelons are usually spherical . 
0" Everyone can eat peanuts " is against common sense because Some people are allergic to peanuts . " Everyone can eat peanuts " is against common sense because Human teeth are harder than peanuts . " Everyone can eat peanuts " is against common sense because Peanut is a kind of nut . 
0" People usually can't smell the fragrance of jasmine " is against common sense because Jasmine usually has a strong fragrance . " People usually can't smell the fragrance of jasmine " is against common sense because Jasmine has white flowers . " People usually can't smell the fragrance of jasmine " is against common sense because Some flowers are fragrant . 
2" Only a few people with cancer die " is against common sense because Older people are more susceptible to cancer . " Only a few people with cancer die " is against common sense because No one wants cancer . " Only a few people with cancer die " is against common sense because Cancer is hard to cure . 
0" People can take drugs at will " is against common sense because the Drug is prohibited in most countries . " People can take drugs at will " is against common sense because Some drugs can be used in hospitals . " People can take drugs at will " is against common sense because Some drugs excite people . 
2" Hens can give birth to chickens directly " is against common sense because women can give birth to human babies . " Hens can give birth to chickens directly " is against common sense because cocks can't give birth to chickens . " Hens can give birth to chickens directly " is against common sense because Hens only can lay eggs and eggs may become little chickens . 
0" The tortoise usually runs faster than the rabbit " is against common sense because Rabbits usually have powerful legs and tortoises are slow . " The tortoise usually runs faster than the rabbit " is against common sense because The rabbit has four legs . " The tortoise usually runs faster than the rabbit " is against common sense because The tortoise lives in the water . 
2" Students shouldn't do homework " is against common sense because Homework is arranged by teachers . " Students shouldn't do homework " is against common sense because Students should go to bed early . " Students shouldn't do homework " is against common sense because Doing homework is the basic responsibility of the student . 
0" Most people like snakes " is against common sense because Most snakes bite human and some snakes are poisonous . " Most people like snakes " is against common sense because People can eat snakes . " Most people like snakes " is against common sense because Snakes have no feet but humans do . 
0" I have the same fingerprints as him " is against common sense because Different people have different fingerprints . " I have the same fingerprints as him " is against common sense because The fingerprints of the same person are different . " I have the same fingerprints as him " is against common sense because the Fingerprint is one of the characteristics of human beings . 
2" only the male can be a Marathoner " is against common sense because Marathoners are generally strong . " only the male can be a Marathoner " is against common sense because there are many people participating the marathon . " only the male can be a Marathoner " is against common sense because there are also female Marathoners . 
2" People can't find others lying " is against common sense because a lie can't be a good thing anytime . " People can't find others lying " is against common sense because Lies can sometimes be kind . " People can't find others lying " is against common sense because A lie can sometimes break . 
0" A dermatologist can cure heart disease " is against common sense because Heart disease needs to be treated by a cardiothoracic doctor . " A dermatologist can cure heart disease " is against common sense because Heart disease is usually a big threat . " A dermatologist can cure heart disease " is against common sense because if you Have heart disease you should go to a hospital as soon as possible . 
2" We can hurt others at will " is against common sense because When we are hurt by others we should go to the police . " We can hurt others at will " is against common sense because We don't want to be hurt . " We can hurt others at will " is against common sense because It is illegal to hurt someone at will . 
2" All oranges are sweet " is against common sense because Orange contains sugar . " All oranges are sweet " is against common sense because sweet oranges are usually yellow in appearance . " All oranges are sweet " is against common sense because some Green oranges are very sour . 
1" People often eat in the toilet " is against common sense because the toilet stinks . " People often eat in the toilet " is against common sense because Toilets are used for excretion . " People often eat in the toilet " is against common sense because Sometimes it's hard to find a toilet . 
2" A chair usually has three legs " is against common sense because Some chairs are very soft . " A chair usually has three legs " is against common sense because Chairs are for sitting . " A chair usually has three legs " is against common sense because A chair with three legs will not stand . 
1" Many people drink coffee to sleep " is against common sense because Coffee is so bitter that it keeps people from sleeping . " Many people drink coffee to sleep " is against common sense because coffee keeps people awake . " Many people drink coffee to sleep " is against common sense because Coffee is a drink made from substances extracted from coffee berries . 
1" We put food in the washing machine " is against common sense because The washing machine needs electricity to operate . " We put food in the washing machine " is against common sense because The washing machine is used for washing clothes . " We put food in the washing machine " is against common sense because In life the washing machine brings us a lot of conveniences . 
0" Hot dogs are dogs " is against common sense because A hot dog is a kind of food instead of the animal . " Hot dogs are dogs " is against common sense because Some people like hot dogs very much . " Hot dogs are dogs " is against common sense because Dogs like to eat hot dogs . 
1" We can work eight days a week " is against common sense because A normal week has two days off . " We can work eight days a week " is against common sense because There are only seven days in a week . " We can work eight days a week " is against common sense because People usually work five days a week . 
1" Poor sleep can lead to high energy levels " is against common sense because Sleep is necessary for the human being . " Poor sleep can lead to high energy levels " is against common sense because After enough sleep we can be invigorated . " Poor sleep can lead to high energy levels " is against common sense because People spend a lot of their lives sleeping . 
1" Getting a Ph.D. is an easy task " is against common sense because A doctor's degree is the highest degree . " Getting a Ph.D. is an easy task " is against common sense because It usually takes a lot to get a Ph.D. qualification . " Getting a Ph.D. is an easy task " is against common sense because PhDs are usually talented people . 
2" I take a sickle to cut wood " is against common sense because A sickle is generally sharp . " I take a sickle to cut wood " is against common sense because The sickle is generally made of iron . " I take a sickle to cut wood " is against common sense because The sickle is for cutting grass . 
1" Burning garbage makes the environment better " is against common sense because Protecting the environment is an important thing . " Burning garbage makes the environment better " is against common sense because Burning garbage produces many substances harmful to the environment . " Burning garbage makes the environment better " is against common sense because For the environment of the earth we must stop burning garbage . 
1" The sun ceases to shine at night " is against common sense because The sun provides the earth with a lot of energy . " The sun ceases to shine at night " is against common sense because At night the sun is on the other side of the earth . " The sun ceases to shine at night " is against common sense because The sun has ultraviolet rays . 
2" the Diabetic can eat candy at will " is against common sense because Nowadays diabetes is still a difficult disease to cure . " the Diabetic can eat candy at will " is against common sense because Candy is sweet . " the Diabetic can eat candy at will " is against common sense because Diabetes can be aggravated by eating sweets . 
0" If people have something urgent to go to a place, they usually walk " is against common sense because walking is too slow for something urgent . " If people have something urgent to go to a place, they usually walk " is against common sense because people don't have four legs . " If people have something urgent to go to a place, they usually walk " is against common sense because walking is free of charge . 
0" You can use the air conditioner without electricity " is against common sense because Air conditioning requires electricity to operate . " You can use the air conditioner without electricity " is against common sense because The air conditioner can be cheap . " You can use the air conditioner without electricity " is against common sense because An air conditioner can be used for cooling or heating . 
2" Most people don't need friends " is against common sense because Even best friends will betray you sometimes . " Most people don't need friends " is against common sense because Friends can sometimes help you a lot . " Most people don't need friends " is against common sense because Man is a social animal and needs friends . 
0" Trees can have no bark " is against common sense because A tree without its bark will die . " Trees can have no bark " is against common sense because Some bark can be used as a precious medicine . " Trees can have no bark " is against common sense because The bark is rough . 
2" You can find two identical leaves " is against common sense because Leaves are usually green in spring . " You can find two identical leaves " is against common sense because Leaves provide nutrients to plants through photosynthesis by sunlight . " You can find two identical leaves " is against common sense because the lines of leaves are totally random and different . 
1" the sun will stay on all day " is against common sense because There are twenty-four hours a day . " the sun will stay on all day " is against common sense because The sun will set at night . " the sun will stay on all day " is against common sense because You can do many things in a day . 
2" Most people like mice " is against common sense because Mice like to dig holes . " Most people like mice " is against common sense because Mice have a long tail . " Most people like mice " is against common sense because Mice are a kind of pest . 
0" You can drive on the highway without a driving license " is against common sense because driving without a driver's license is against the law . " You can drive on the highway without a driving license " is against common sense because Driving skills are very important in today's society . " You can drive on the highway without a driving license " is against common sense because On the highway the car runs fast so we have to drive carefully . 
2" You can find the statue of liberty in France " is against common sense because The statue of liberty is very big . " You can find the statue of liberty in France " is against common sense because France is called the capital of romance . " You can find the statue of liberty in France " is against common sense because The statue of liberty is in America . 
1" People don't need to wear clothes " is against common sense because Clothing plays a lot of decorative roles and we can buy a variety of styles of clothes . " People don't need to wear clothes " is against common sense because In cold weather you may be frozen to death without clothes . " People don't need to wear clothes " is against common sense because Clothes have more and more styles . 
1" Most people don't forget things anytime " is against common sense because Sometimes it's good to forget . " Most people don't forget things anytime " is against common sense because Most people's brains can't remember everything forever . " Most people don't forget things anytime " is against common sense because Forgetting may mean missing out on something important . 
1" Ugly boys are more likely to find girlfriends " is against common sense because Sometimes a beauty is not charming . " Ugly boys are more likely to find girlfriends " is against common sense because Girls generally prefer handsome boys . " Ugly boys are more likely to find girlfriends " is against common sense because A girlfriend may be a future wife . 
0" When we get sick we go to school " is against common sense because the school usually can't cure patients well . " When we get sick we go to school " is against common sense because We can learn a lot when we go to school . " When we get sick we go to school " is against common sense because the school is responsible for the safety of food . 
1" When we want to listen to the song, we can use a USB plate " is against common sense because The USB plate is used to store information . " When we want to listen to the song, we can use a USB plate " is against common sense because The USB plate cannot directly play music . " When we want to listen to the song, we can use a USB plate " is against common sense because The USB plate is cheap now . 
1" We can observe a star with a microscope " is against common sense because Microscopes are too small . " We can observe a star with a microscope " is against common sense because The microscope's focal length is small . " We can observe a star with a microscope " is against common sense because The microscope is generally inconvenient . 
0" Fire is common in the sea " is against common sense because it is hard to fire with so much water . " Fire is common in the sea " is against common sense because There are all kinds of fish and plants in the sea . " Fire is common in the sea " is against common sense because There is a lot of resources in the sea . 
2" People who are allergic to potatoes can eat chips " is against common sense because Potato chips are usually Fried foods . " People who are allergic to potatoes can eat chips " is against common sense because Potato chips are junk food so eating them is not recommended . " People who are allergic to potatoes can eat chips " is against common sense because Potato chips are commonly made from potatoes . 
1" Mars is suitable for human survival " is against common sense because The United States has explored Mars in recent times . " Mars is suitable for human survival " is against common sense because Mars lacks the resources of human existence . " Mars is suitable for human survival " is against common sense because Mars is smaller than the earth . 
2" A working guitar can have no strings " is against common sense because A guitar can be carried on your back . " A working guitar can have no strings " is against common sense because a Guitar can play wonderful music . " A working guitar can have no strings " is against common sense because A guitar voices by its string . 
1" When something breaks, we can glue them with water " is against common sense because When something breaks we might replace it . " When something breaks, we can glue them with water " is against common sense because Water has no viscosity . " When something breaks, we can glue them with water " is against common sense because You may be scolded for breaking things . 
2" Germinated sweet potatoes can be eaten " is against common sense because sweet potatoes don't look good . " Germinated sweet potatoes can be eaten " is against common sense because Sweet potatoes are usually very sweet, some people like it very much . " Germinated sweet potatoes can be eaten " is against common sense because Germinated sweet potato have poison . 
1" All flowers have fragrance " is against common sense because Ordinary flowers are more fragile . " All flowers have fragrance " is against common sense because Some flowers do not emit fragrance . " All flowers have fragrance " is against common sense because Generally speaking the fragrance is more attractive . 
1" All trees lose their leaves in autumn. " is against common sense because The weather is usually better in autumn. . " All trees lose their leaves in autumn. " is against common sense because Pines do not fall in autumn . " All trees lose their leaves in autumn. " is against common sense because The sky is higher in autumn. . 
0" males are found at beauty salons more often than females " is against common sense because females generally pay more attention to outlook than males . " males are found at beauty salons more often than females " is against common sense because Men are more likely to play games than women . " males are found at beauty salons more often than females " is against common sense because females often go shopping . 
1" apple juice is made of bananas " is against common sense because Apples are delicious and nutritious fruits . " apple juice is made of bananas " is against common sense because apples can make apple juice . " apple juice is made of bananas " is against common sense because bananas are delicious . 
0" the Heartbeat is slower in children than in adults normally " is against common sense because The younger the person is the faster the heart beats . " the Heartbeat is slower in children than in adults normally " is against common sense because Every beat of the heart takes about one second . " the Heartbeat is slower in children than in adults normally " is against common sense because Babies jump one hundred and eighty times a minute, juveniles ninety times a minute, and adults about seventy times . 
1" a baton is used for playing music " is against common sense because the baton is made of wood . " a baton is used for playing music " is against common sense because The baton is used to direct the orchestra . " a baton is used for playing music " is against common sense because there is always a Conductor in an Ordinary band to command band . 
0" You can see the pine trees blooming " is against common sense because Pines have few flowers and no petals . " You can see the pine trees blooming " is against common sense because Pines are evergreen all year round . " You can see the pine trees blooming " is against common sense because Pine trees are useful for wood and other purposes . 
0" Clouds have no color " is against common sense because The refraction of light causes clouds to seem not transparent . " Clouds have no color " is against common sense because Some clouds are beautiful and have many shapes . " Clouds have no color " is against common sense because In cloudy weather sometimes we can't see a single cloud in the sky . 
1" the sky is blue in the evening " is against common sense because the sky is blue in the morning sometimes . " the sky is blue in the evening " is against common sense because there is no sunshine at night . " the sky is blue in the evening " is against common sense because the ocean is blue in the morning sometimes . 
2" I go to work to earn time " is against common sense because International companies will spend your more time . " I go to work to earn time " is against common sense because I have a lot of time . " I go to work to earn time " is against common sense because the company spends money on my time . 
1" My hair is too short so I need a haircut " is against common sense because my hair is pretty short . " My hair is too short so I need a haircut " is against common sense because It is not necessary to cut too short hair . " My hair is too short so I need a haircut " is against common sense because some people are good for long hair . 
0" People think more efficiently in noisy environments " is against common sense because noise can interfere with their thinking in a noisy environment . " People think more efficiently in noisy environments " is against common sense because I am used to doing my homework in quiet evenings . " People think more efficiently in noisy environments " is against common sense because I do my homework more efficiently at home . 
1" I'm grazing tigers " is against common sense because Tigers can not disgust grasses . " I'm grazing tigers " is against common sense because Tigers are carnivores and not tame . " I'm grazing tigers " is against common sense because Tigers are very dangerous . 
1" Working all day is very relaxing " is against common sense because Doing homework all day is very tiring . " Working all day is very relaxing " is against common sense because working without rest is tiring . " Working all day is very relaxing " is against common sense because Playing computer games is a good way to relax . 
2" A table is a comfortable place to sleep " is against common sense because there are 5 beds in my house . " A table is a comfortable place to sleep " is against common sense because there is a table next to my bed . " A table is a comfortable place to sleep " is against common sense because a table is too hard that you can't fall asleep on it . 
1" Something you find at the airport is a ship " is against common sense because The chances of seeing an airplane at the parking lot are low . " Something you find at the airport is a ship " is against common sense because a ship is always close to the sea and the airport is far from the sea . " Something you find at the airport is a ship " is against common sense because The chances of seeing a ship at the Parking lot are low . 
0" losers can get prizes " is against common sense because Losers usually don't have any prizes . " losers can get prizes " is against common sense because You take the first place and you're the winner . " losers can get prizes " is against common sense because No one can be a perpetual loser . 
1" smoking is good " is against common sense because cigarettes are expensive . " smoking is good " is against common sense because Too much smoking can lead to lung cancer . " smoking is good " is against common sense because My father only smokes good cigarettes . 
2" I will confirm my email through my radio " is against common sense because I love playing computer games . " I will confirm my email through my radio " is against common sense because Computers are more expensive than radios . " I will confirm my email through my radio " is against common sense because The radio can't connect to the Internet . 
0" air is charged " is against common sense because We can access air on earth freely . " air is charged " is against common sense because Every day in hawaii the air is fresh . " air is charged " is against common sense because Electricity is charged . 
1" the bike is a new invention " is against common sense because Every day new things are invented . " the bike is a new invention " is against common sense because bikes were invented hundreds of years ago . " the bike is a new invention " is against common sense because my bike is very old . 
1" There is water in the pen so we can write " is against common sense because the Ink contains water . " There is water in the pen so we can write " is against common sense because We usually do not use water to write . " There is water in the pen so we can write " is against common sense because Water is an important element of the human body . 
1" I like European culture because I traveled to Canada last year " is against common sense because Canada is to the north of the United States . " I like European culture because I traveled to Canada last year " is against common sense because Canada is located in North America . " I like European culture because I traveled to Canada last year " is against common sense because London is in the south of England . 
2" The last thing you do when you visit a museum is buying a ticket " is against common sense because I was the first one to enter the museum . " The last thing you do when you visit a museum is buying a ticket " is against common sense because I was the last one to enter the museum . " The last thing you do when you visit a museum is buying a ticket " is against common sense because You need to buy a ticket before you enter the museum . 
2" many people can feel that death is the start of life " is against common sense because some people may expect death . " many people can feel that death is the start of life " is against common sense because death is a necessary state of life . " many people can feel that death is the start of life " is against common sense because Birth is the beginning . 
1" An apple is an animal " is against common sense because I eat an apple every day . " An apple is an animal " is against common sense because Apple is a kind of fruit . " An apple is an animal " is against common sense because Pigs are very smart . 
0" television is a device you use to contact people " is against common sense because the television is used to watch movies . " television is a device you use to contact people " is against common sense because Every family has a television . " television is a device you use to contact people " is against common sense because television is very useful . 
0" you would buy French fries because they are healthy for you to eat " is against common sense because French fries are junk food . " you would buy French fries because they are healthy for you to eat " is against common sense because I don't like French fries . " you would buy French fries because they are healthy for you to eat " is against common sense because I like eating fresh fruits . 
2" a person wants to buy ugly things " is against common sense because Nice clothes will cost more . " a person wants to buy ugly things " is against common sense because My mother bought me some nice clothes . " a person wants to buy ugly things " is against common sense because People do not like ugly things . 
2" a joke can make you cry " is against common sense because I can remember the funny jokes my mother told . " a joke can make you cry " is against common sense because I like all kinds of jokes . " a joke can make you cry " is against common sense because A joke is for people's laugh . 
0" a ruler can be used to cut things " is against common sense because The ruler is not sharp enough to cut things . " a ruler can be used to cut things " is against common sense because There are several rulers on my desk . " a ruler can be used to cut things " is against common sense because The ruler is a kind of stationery . 
1" The snow is dry " is against common sense because It is dry these days . " The snow is dry " is against common sense because Snow melts into water . " The snow is dry " is against common sense because I do not like wet weather very much . 
1" The desert is full of water " is against common sense because The desert is deserted . " The desert is full of water " is against common sense because The water in the desert has been steamed dry . " The desert is full of water " is against common sense because the hump is full of water . 
0" the universe is very small " is against common sense because It is impossible for human to reach the edge of the universe . " the universe is very small " is against common sense because The universe is still unknown to humans . " the universe is very small " is against common sense because The earth is very large . 
2" car engines can use air " is against common sense because air is a kind of renewable resource . " car engines can use air " is against common sense because I hope I can breathe fresh air every day . " car engines can use air " is against common sense because Air can't power cars . 
2" Time is static " is against common sense because This car is stationary . " Time is static " is against common sense because My appearance has been changing . " Time is static " is against common sense because Time is different from time to time . 
0" The car is driving slowly on the highway " is against common sense because The law prohibits cars from driving too slowly at high speed . " The car is driving slowly on the highway " is against common sense because I drive very slowly . " The car is driving slowly on the highway " is against common sense because There are so many cars on the highway that we have to be careful . 
0" Wallets can be used to put computers. " is against common sense because Computers are bigger than wallets. . " Wallets can be used to put computers. " is against common sense because I usually use my computer to watch films. . " Wallets can be used to put computers. " is against common sense because It costs a lot to buy a computer. . 
1" College is usually free " is against common sense because Those with high grades can go to college . " College is usually free " is against common sense because Most universities need tuition fees to sustain themselves . " College is usually free " is against common sense because There will be scholarships in universities . 
0" Children can play with guns " is against common sense because Guns are very dangerous tools . " Children can play with guns " is against common sense because Some soldiers can use guns . " Children can play with guns " is against common sense because Guns can be used to hunt . 
2" Eating too much often makes people thin " is against common sense because little exercise makes people fat . " Eating too much often makes people thin " is against common sense because Fat people like to eat . " Eating too much often makes people thin " is against common sense because Human beings can turn sugar into fat . 
2" Music is usually hated by people " is against common sense because Some people can create music . " Music is usually hated by people " is against common sense because Some music relaxes people . " Music is usually hated by people " is against common sense because Music usually has a pleasant melody . 
2" People usually drink black milk " is against common sense because Drinking milk is good for the human body . " People usually drink black milk " is against common sense because Milk comes from cows . " People usually drink black milk " is against common sense because black music is likely to spoil . 
1" We can see dinosaurs playing with people " is against common sense because Dinosaurs may eat people . " We can see dinosaurs playing with people " is against common sense because Dinosaurs have been extinct already . " We can see dinosaurs playing with people " is against common sense because Most dinosaurs are stronger than humans . 
0" We can visit the website through books " is against common sense because Books are not tools for surfing the Internet . " We can visit the website through books " is against common sense because We can look up information through books . " We can visit the website through books " is against common sense because We can visit the website through smart phones . 
2" We can write on paper with an eraser " is against common sense because Erasers are usually made of rubber . " We can write on paper with an eraser " is against common sense because People can use erasers to help correct the wrong words . " We can write on paper with an eraser " is against common sense because Erasers are usually used to erase handwriting . 
1" Adults usually like toys " is against common sense because Adults have more money to buy toys . " Adults usually like toys " is against common sense because Most toys are designed for children . " Adults usually like toys " is against common sense because Most toys are cute . 
2" We can buy human in the supermarket " is against common sense because the Supermarket can make people's life more convenient . " We can buy human in the supermarket " is against common sense because We can buy a lot of things in the supermarket . " We can buy human in the supermarket " is against common sense because It is illegal to buy and sell human beings . 
1" Humans usually like viruses " is against common sense because Most viruses are very small and hard to see . " Humans usually like viruses " is against common sense because most viruses will make humans sick . " Humans usually like viruses " is against common sense because Some viruses are good for humans . 
2" Those who break the law will be rewarded " is against common sense because people helping to catch the one who breaks the law will be rewarded . " Those who break the law will be rewarded " is against common sense because Law is stipulated by human beings . " Those who break the law will be rewarded " is against common sense because The law is for keeping from people doing something . 
2" people usually don't need to sleep " is against common sense because People usually sleep at night . " people usually don't need to sleep " is against common sense because People can stay up late sometimes . " people usually don't need to sleep " is against common sense because little sleep can make people tired . 
0" A room with windows is usually dark at day " is against common sense because Sunlight can pass through the windows . " A room with windows is usually dark at day " is against common sense because People usually like rooms with windows . " A room with windows is usually dark at day " is against common sense because Basements usually have no windows and are dark . 
2" Most modern houses are made of wood " is against common sense because Most wood has a special odor . " Most modern houses are made of wood " is against common sense because Ancient houses were mostly made of wood . " Most modern houses are made of wood " is against common sense because Wood houses are not strong enough . 
1" People can't wear seatbelts when driving " is against common sense because You don't need to wear a seat belt when riding a bicycle . " People can't wear seatbelts when driving " is against common sense because Seatbelts protect drivers and passengers . " People can't wear seatbelts when driving " is against common sense because Most cars have seat belts . 
2" People usually like sharks " is against common sense because Sharks usually appear in the sea . " People usually like sharks " is against common sense because Sharks are better at swimming than humans . " People usually like sharks " is against common sense because Sharks may eat humans . 
0" Alarm clocks usually help people fall asleep " is against common sense because alarm clocks make loud noises . " Alarm clocks usually help people fall asleep " is against common sense because An alarm clock can remind people of the time . " Alarm clocks usually help people fall asleep " is against common sense because Some people do not have alarm clocks . 
0" People usually hold umbrellas on cloudy days " is against common sense because umbrellas are used to keep out the rain . " People usually hold umbrellas on cloudy days " is against common sense because Most umbrellas are made of waterproof cloth . " People usually hold umbrellas on cloudy days " is against common sense because People can use raincoats to keep out the rain . 
2" Thieves are glad of seeing the police " is against common sense because the police are glad to see thieves . " Thieves are glad of seeing the police " is against common sense because Thieves are disgusted by most people . " Thieves are glad of seeing the police " is against common sense because The police will catch thieves . 
2" He wore a ring on his ring finger, but he was single " is against common sense because People can use rings to commemorate some meaningful things . " He wore a ring on his ring finger, but he was single " is against common sense because Most rings are made of metal and usually very expensive . " He wore a ring on his ring finger, but he was single " is against common sense because Married people usually wear rings on their ring fingers . 
0" People won't go to doctors when they get sick " is against common sense because Doctors can help treat patients . " People won't go to doctors when they get sick " is against common sense because People suffer when they are ill . " People won't go to doctors when they get sick " is against common sense because Doctors may get sick sometimes . 
0" People can drink seawater when they are thirsty " is against common sense because Drinking sea water makes people thirstier . " People can drink seawater when they are thirsty " is against common sense because The sea water is salty and tastes not good . " People can drink seawater when they are thirsty " is against common sense because People can't drink all the sea water . 
2" People use electric fans when they are cold " is against common sense because The speed of the electric fan is very fast . " People use electric fans when they are cold " is against common sense because Electric fans usually need electricity to run . " People use electric fans when they are cold " is against common sense because electric fans take away heat . 
1" Tourists will not take cameras with them " is against common sense because It usually takes a lot of money to buy a camera . " Tourists will not take cameras with them " is against common sense because Cameras can help tourists take beautiful pictures . " Tourists will not take cameras with them " is against common sense because Most cameras take better pictures than cell phones . 
2" Students should be indulged in games " is against common sense because Some students like games but don't be indulged in them . " Students should be indulged in games " is against common sense because Most games are fun but they cost money . " Students should be indulged in games " is against common sense because Game addiction can affect students' study performance . 
0" cats can help police search for drugs " is against common sense because Cats have no sensitive sense of smell . " cats can help police search for drugs " is against common sense because Cats are flexible and can climb trees . " cats can help police search for drugs " is against common sense because Cats can catch mice but dogs can't . 
2" Diamonds can't cut glass " is against common sense because Diamonds and glass look very similar . " Diamonds can't cut glass " is against common sense because Diamonds are usually more expensive than glass . " Diamonds can't cut glass " is against common sense because Diamonds are the hardest thing . 
1" applicants can give their bosses jobs " is against common sense because Some applicants find it difficult to find a job . " applicants can give their bosses jobs " is against common sense because Bosses are real leaders . " applicants can give their bosses jobs " is against common sense because Most bosses have more money than their employees . 
0" People usually use sunscreen at night " is against common sense because Sunscreen protects people from sunlight . " People usually use sunscreen at night " is against common sense because Sunscreen is usually a white liquid . " People usually use sunscreen at night " is against common sense because Sunscreen is a kind of cosmetic . 
1" It's easy for people to find gems " is against common sense because Gems can be made into jewelry . " It's easy for people to find gems " is against common sense because Gems are rare in nature . " It's easy for people to find gems " is against common sense because Most gems are very beautiful and expensive . 
0" You can't ask the stewardess for help while flying " is against common sense because The stewardess is the flight service provider . " You can't ask the stewardess for help while flying " is against common sense because Flight attendants are usually well trained and have good manners . " You can't ask the stewardess for help while flying " is against common sense because There are usually more passengers on planes than stewardesses . 
0" We can see salt in water " is against common sense because Salt dissolves in water . " We can see salt in water " is against common sense because Salt is usually white particles . " We can see salt in water " is against common sense because We can get salt from seawater . 
1" Most people hate cats " is against common sense because Cats love eating fish and mice . " Most people hate cats " is against common sense because Cats have a lovely appearance . " Most people hate cats " is against common sense because People can treat cats as pets . 
1" we cannot see blood in human's wounds " is against common sense because human's blood usually has a red color . " we cannot see blood in human's wounds " is against common sense because wounds will leak Blood to heal themselves . " we cannot see blood in human's wounds " is against common sense because a person who lose too much blood may die . 
0" People usually put their quilts in the kitchen " is against common sense because People are usually covered by quilts while sleeping . " People usually put their quilts in the kitchen " is against common sense because People can find pots in the kitchen . " People usually put their quilts in the kitchen " is against common sense because Quilts are usually made of cloth or satin with cotton or silk inside . 
2" sheepherders usually feed sheep with meat " is against common sense because Sheep are raised in many countries for their meat or wool . " sheepherders usually feed sheep with meat " is against common sense because some sheepherder like eating mutton . " sheepherders usually feed sheep with meat " is against common sense because Sheep are herbivores . 
2" People shouldn't add gasoline to cars " is against common sense because the price of gasoline is rising more and more fast . " People shouldn't add gasoline to cars " is against common sense because Gasoline is obtained from underground . " People shouldn't add gasoline to cars " is against common sense because Gasoline can power cars . 
2" People usually watch movies in hospitals " is against common sense because There are usually many patients in hospitals . " People usually watch movies in hospitals " is against common sense because People can watch movies at home . " People usually watch movies in hospitals " is against common sense because Hospitals are places for treatment . 
2" spending money is to get sadness " is against common sense because This beautiful picture reminds me of my sad memory . " spending money is to get sadness " is against common sense because Everyone wants to live happily . " spending money is to get sadness " is against common sense because no one pays to be unhappy . 
0" Willow is my favorite flower " is against common sense because Willow is a kind of tree . " Willow is my favorite flower " is against common sense because there are a lot of poems of the willow . " Willow is my favorite flower " is against common sense because The willows are very beautiful for its leaves . 
2" This area is dangerous so you have to be careless " is against common sense because if you are always careless you will fail forever . " This area is dangerous so you have to be careless " is against common sense because I do my homework very carefully every day . " This area is dangerous so you have to be careless " is against common sense because Carelessness in dangerous places can lead to accidents . 
1" the first thing you do when you eat something is closing your mouth " is against common sense because the first thing I do when I arrive home is open my computer . " the first thing you do when you eat something is closing your mouth " is against common sense because you can eat nothing if you close your mouth . " the first thing you do when you eat something is closing your mouth " is against common sense because The shops in the street are closed . 
0" He is thirty years old so it is time for him to retire " is against common sense because The age of thirty is a period of vigor . " He is thirty years old so it is time for him to retire " is against common sense because A friend of mine died at the age of thirty . " He is thirty years old so it is time for him to retire " is against common sense because My grandfather is seventy years old . 
1" paper can be used to make musical instruments " is against common sense because Books are made of paper . " paper can be used to make musical instruments " is against common sense because There are no paper instruments in the world . " paper can be used to make musical instruments " is against common sense because wood can be used to make musical instruments . 
0" musical instruments can be used to play baseball " is against common sense because the musical instrument will break If you play baseball with it . " musical instruments can be used to play baseball " is against common sense because I like the atmosphere of the concert very much . " musical instruments can be used to play baseball " is against common sense because I hate playing baseball and I think highly of my musical instruments . 
2" What you see in the room is a giraffe " is against common sense because I was hurt by a giraffe so I keep away from the giraffes . " What you see in the room is a giraffe " is against common sense because giraffes are not cute . " What you see in the room is a giraffe " is against common sense because it can be difficult for a giraffe to enter the room . 
0" Tokyo is one of the largest countries in the world " is against common sense because Tokyo is not a country . " Tokyo is one of the largest countries in the world " is against common sense because China is much bigger than Japan . " Tokyo is one of the largest countries in the world " is against common sense because Tokyo is beautiful . 
0" We usually press the button of elevators with our toes " is against common sense because You need to take off your shoes if you want to press the button with your toes . " We usually press the button of elevators with our toes " is against common sense because This button is badly designed . " We usually press the button of elevators with our toes " is against common sense because This elevator has twenty buttons to press . 
0" A church is a place where people sleep " is against common sense because Sleeping in a church is an insult to God . " A church is a place where people sleep " is against common sense because praying is so boring so people fall asleep in the church . " A church is a place where people sleep " is against common sense because My mother sleeps every day . 
1" paper can be made from sand " is against common sense because glass can be made from sand . " paper can be made from sand " is against common sense because Sand is not a material for making paper . " paper can be made from sand " is against common sense because wood is not a material for making glass . 
2" If you want to see then you should open your mouth " is against common sense because Your eyes look good which really attract me deeply . " If you want to see then you should open your mouth " is against common sense because Each of us has two eyes . " If you want to see then you should open your mouth " is against common sense because The mouth is for eating instead of seeing . 
2" an umbrella is for sheltering you from the wind " is against common sense because you need to wear more clothes when the wind is strong . " an umbrella is for sheltering you from the wind " is against common sense because It winded heavily this morning . " an umbrella is for sheltering you from the wind " is against common sense because Umbrella does not work well on windy days . 
2" People celebrate on the day of death " is against common sense because the funeral wastes our time . " People celebrate on the day of death " is against common sense because the death will make total income lower . " People celebrate on the day of death " is against common sense because Death is painful to every one . 
1" most people look forward to a funeral someday " is against common sense because I attend several funerals every year and I'm tired at it . " most people look forward to a funeral someday " is against common sense because No one was eager to attend the funeral . " most people look forward to a funeral someday " is against common sense because I was sad at my grandmother's funeral . 
1" Tigers are very common pets " is against common sense because I saw a tiger in the zoo . " Tigers are very common pets " is against common sense because Tigers are dangerous . " Tigers are very common pets " is against common sense because tigers run so fast that people can't catch up them . 
1" birds are mammals " is against common sense because There are many different kinds of birds . " birds are mammals " is against common sense because Mammals are born from the womb . " birds are mammals " is against common sense because birds are stupid . 
0" I wish I had bad luck " is against common sense because bad luck makes people upset . " I wish I had bad luck " is against common sense because No one can curse his bad luck . " I wish I had bad luck " is against common sense because I am lucky enough to pass the exam . 
0" His house is in the rich area so it is very cheap " is against common sense because houses in rich area are usually expensive . " His house is in the rich area so it is very cheap " is against common sense because Houses in the suburbs are very cheap and I think it is worth buying . " His house is in the rich area so it is very cheap " is against common sense because I like expensive houses . 
0" You are likely to find a fish around in the sky " is against common sense because it is impossible for a fish to fly . " You are likely to find a fish around in the sky " is against common sense because There are many birds in the sky . " You are likely to find a fish around in the sky " is against common sense because The river in tokyo is very clear . 
1" You would go for a run because you feel tired " is against common sense because I stay up late last night so I am very tired now and I'm anxious for my exam . " You would go for a run because you feel tired " is against common sense because you are more likely to have a rest when you are tired . " You would go for a run because you feel tired " is against common sense because run is a kind of the exercise . 
2" your fingers are part of your face " is against common sense because the pianist's are very flexible and beautiful . " your fingers are part of your face " is against common sense because Normal people have ten fingers . " your fingers are part of your face " is against common sense because your fingers are part of your hand . 
1" the Vegetable salad is junk food " is against common sense because I like French fries very much . " the Vegetable salad is junk food " is against common sense because the Vegetable salad has a lot of nutrition . " the Vegetable salad is junk food " is against common sense because Vegetables are very expensive in Korea and Japan because of their geographical position . 
2" A girl is a male " is against common sense because Girls are smarter than boys . " A girl is a male " is against common sense because Our class is full of girls and it makes me upset . " A girl is a male " is against common sense because A girl is a young female . 
0" You would go on a study because you need a break " is against common sense because going on a study will make you more tired . " You would go on a study because you need a break " is against common sense because Our company organizes holidays every year . " You would go on a study because you need a break " is against common sense because Working day and night is too tiring for common people . 
2" He was sober yesterday so he forgot what had happened " is against common sense because A cup of coffee sobers one up . " He was sober yesterday so he forgot what had happened " is against common sense because People will think about things more deeply when they are sober . " He was sober yesterday so he forgot what had happened " is against common sense because People have a good memory when they are sober . 
1" water can become steam when it freezes " is against common sense because the density of ice is smaller than that of water . " water can become steam when it freezes " is against common sense because water will become steam when it evaporates . " water can become steam when it freezes " is against common sense because Steam blurred my vision so I could not see the picture clearly . 
0" the sun is a satellite of the earth " is against common sense because the earth is a planet of the sun . " the sun is a satellite of the earth " is against common sense because The earth is the only home of our mankind . " the sun is a satellite of the earth " is against common sense because The earth is far from the sun . 
0" The land is very barren so the grain grows very well " is against common sense because It is hard for grain to grow on barren land . " The land is very barren so the grain grows very well " is against common sense because the district is fertile of wheat . " The land is very barren so the grain grows very well " is against common sense because It is hard for me to plane grain without any help . 
2" The Equatorial areas are very cold " is against common sense because It is very cold this winter . " The Equatorial areas are very cold " is against common sense because The vegetation on the equatorial areas is very rich . " The Equatorial areas are very cold " is against common sense because The equatorial areas is the hottest place on earth . 
1" The desk is for sleeping on " is against common sense because my desk is very comfortable for me . " The desk is for sleeping on " is against common sense because we usually sleep on the bed . " The desk is for sleeping on " is against common sense because I have been working all day . 
2" I am full so I want to eat right away " is against common sense because The refrigerator is full of food . " I am full so I want to eat right away " is against common sense because people who are full are tired with eating delicious food . " I am full so I want to eat right away " is against common sense because People who are full do not want to eat . 
0" Somebody is sleeping so we should keep voice up " is against common sense because We should not disturb sleepers . " Somebody is sleeping so we should keep voice up " is against common sense because keeping voice up when chatting is tiring . " Somebody is sleeping so we should keep voice up " is against common sense because We should keep good sleeping posture . 
0" people want to have rude neighbors " is against common sense because Rude neighbors can disrupt your life . " people want to have rude neighbors " is against common sense because Our teacher is very kind to us all the time . " people want to have rude neighbors " is against common sense because girls like rude boys . 
0" the poor have a lot of money " is against common sense because People without wealth are called the poor . " the poor have a lot of money " is against common sense because We should not discriminate against the poor . " the poor have a lot of money " is against common sense because The poor and the rich are equal . 
0" We should wear formal clothes at home " is against common sense because you are able to dress casually at home . " We should wear formal clothes at home " is against common sense because I am dressed formally today . " We should wear formal clothes at home " is against common sense because I wore too many clothes in the company yesterday . 
2" Our government is very credible so we distrust it very much " is against common sense because our government Serves the People well . " Our government is very credible so we distrust it very much " is against common sense because We should believe in truth . " Our government is very credible so we distrust it very much " is against common sense because People trust a credible government . 
2" These people are bad for me so I can trust him " is against common sense because the Mathematics teacher is not kind to me . " These people are bad for me so I can trust him " is against common sense because My grandmother has always been very kind to me . " These people are bad for me so I can trust him " is against common sense because We should be on guard against bad people . 
2" He was so stupid that he quickly understood the nature of the problem " is against common sense because It took him a long time to figure out the truth of the matter . " He was so stupid that he quickly understood the nature of the problem " is against common sense because My students are very smart . " He was so stupid that he quickly understood the nature of the problem " is against common sense because Stupid people have poor comprehension . 
1" This restaurant is so unpopular that it is crowded every day " is against common sense because The fruit salad in that restaurant is very popular . " This restaurant is so unpopular that it is crowded every day " is against common sense because Few people go to unpopular restaurants . " This restaurant is so unpopular that it is crowded every day " is against common sense because Michelin restaurant is very popular . 
0" You are likely to find a cow around in any room of the house " is against common sense because The cows live in the cowshed instead of the house . " You are likely to find a cow around in any room of the house " is against common sense because You will probably find a light in any room of the house . " You are likely to find a cow around in any room of the house " is against common sense because cows eat grasses . 
2" Autobiography is not real " is against common sense because Autobiographies can sometimes be boring . " Autobiography is not real " is against common sense because The Autobiography is so wonderful that I read it day and night . " Autobiography is not real " is against common sense because An autobiography records a person's real life . 
0" Gloves can protect the head " is against common sense because Gloves are worn on your hands . " Gloves can protect the head " is against common sense because My gloves are so ugly that I don't want to wear them . " Gloves can protect the head " is against common sense because My mother bought me a hat yesterday . 
0" The law allows us to kill people " is against common sense because If you kill somebody you have to go to jail . " The law allows us to kill people " is against common sense because we are not allowed to play football in the classroom . " The law allows us to kill people " is against common sense because We can't break the law . 
1" A fox is a faithful companion " is against common sense because foxes run slowly . " A fox is a faithful companion " is against common sense because Foxes are usually very cunning . " A fox is a faithful companion " is against common sense because My mother had three foxes a few years ago . 
1" Drinking too much water can make people drunk " is against common sense because we need to drink water every day . " Drinking too much water can make people drunk " is against common sense because There is no alcohol in water . " Drinking too much water can make people drunk " is against common sense because I never drink . 
1" people want a dirty bathroom " is against common sense because Our bathroom is big and clean . " people want a dirty bathroom " is against common sense because people will feel uncomfortable in a dirty bathroom . " people want a dirty bathroom " is against common sense because I take a bath in the bathroom every day to clean the dirt of my body . 
0" I am five years old so I am very old " is against common sense because five years are short for humans' live circle . " I am five years old so I am very old " is against common sense because I may die when I'm six years old by an accident . " I am five years old so I am very old " is against common sense because My child is five years old . 
0" You would listen to music because it is torturing " is against common sense because People don't do things that make them miserable . " You would listen to music because it is torturing " is against common sense because I listen to English songs every day to improve my listening . " You would listen to music because it is torturing " is against common sense because I like listening to classical music . 
0" People cry when they are happy " is against common sense because Crying usually expresses sadness . " People cry when they are happy " is against common sense because I dislike girls who love to cry . " People cry when they are happy " is against common sense because Babies cry all the time when they are born . 
2" A easy job is stressful " is against common sense because it is not easy to find a good job in Canada these days . " A easy job is stressful " is against common sense because My mother works late every night so she is really stressed out . " A easy job is stressful " is against common sense because We don't need to worry about too much about doing simple things . 
0" I am a left-handed person so I write with my right hand " is against common sense because Left-handed people are better at using their left hand . " I am a left-handed person so I write with my right hand " is against common sense because I'm good at playing basketball so I can dribble with my left and right hands skillfully . " I am a left-handed person so I write with my right hand " is against common sense because My left hand was injured a year ago . 
1" My friend broke up with his girlfriend so I should ridicule him " is against common sense because It is been three months since I broke up with my girlfriend . " My friend broke up with his girlfriend so I should ridicule him " is against common sense because He would be more sad if his friends laughed at him . " My friend broke up with his girlfriend so I should ridicule him " is against common sense because breaking up with the girlfriend is a shaming things . 
1" Something you need to do before you go to bed is turning on the lights " is against common sense because I go to bed very early every day to keep health . " Something you need to do before you go to bed is turning on the lights " is against common sense because It is not natural to fall asleep in light . " Something you need to do before you go to bed is turning on the lights " is against common sense because turning on the lights is wasteful . 
2" We will be punished for obeying the rules " is against common sense because He was punished for not watching TV for a week . " We will be punished for obeying the rules " is against common sense because Every school has rules so we need to abide by them . " We will be punished for obeying the rules " is against common sense because We are punished for doing something wrong . 
1" I will travel at the work " is against common sense because I work day and night to make more money . " I will travel at the work " is against common sense because People should stick to the job at work . " I will travel at the work " is against common sense because my work is to teach students . 
2" We cut meat with a ruler " is against common sense because to finish my homework I need to learn how to use rulers . " We cut meat with a ruler " is against common sense because I have three rulers . " We cut meat with a ruler " is against common sense because The ruler is not sharp enough . 
1" Fisherman depend on farming for their livelihood " is against common sense because It is hard to farm . " Fisherman depend on farming for their livelihood " is against common sense because Fishermen make a life by fishing . " Fisherman depend on farming for their livelihood " is against common sense because farming is so popular this year that many people chosen it as a job . 
0" People are safe when an earthquake happens " is against common sense because the risk brought by an earthquake is not negligible . " People are safe when an earthquake happens " is against common sense because We should pay attention to safety . " People are safe when an earthquake happens " is against common sense because we know that drinking too much is very unsafe . 
1" We should be close to volcanoes " is against common sense because I live very close to New York . " We should be close to volcanoes " is against common sense because Volcanic eruptions are dangerous . " We should be close to volcanoes " is against common sense because There are many volcanoes in the United States . 
2" We need to pollute the environment " is against common sense because there are many cute animals in the nature . " We need to pollute the environment " is against common sense because The river was polluted so all the fish in it died within a month . " We need to pollute the environment " is against common sense because The quality of the environment is closely related to us . 
2" you will have a spouse If you get divorced " is against common sense because it is a pity to get divorce . " you will have a spouse If you get divorced " is against common sense because My father and mother divorced ten years ago . " you will have a spouse If you get divorced " is against common sense because Couples will break up if they divorce . 
1" we need to keep noisy in the museum " is against common sense because Every summer I go to museums to enjoy art . " we need to keep noisy in the museum " is against common sense because people need to appreciate artworks quietly . " we need to keep noisy in the museum " is against common sense because this museum is really noisy . 
0" I went to the restaurant to borrow books " is against common sense because restaurants are the place for eating . " I went to the restaurant to borrow books " is against common sense because This restaurant is very popular among us . " I went to the restaurant to borrow books " is against common sense because There are several restaurants beside the school . 
2" my mother asks me to play cards in class " is against common sense because My mother is in class . " my mother asks me to play cards in class " is against common sense because we three brothers often play cards on holidays and sometimes invite me . " my mother asks me to play cards in class " is against common sense because my mother attaches much importance to my study . 
0" I drink beer every day to keep healthy " is against common sense because Alcohol is usually harmful to health . " I drink beer every day to keep healthy " is against common sense because My father drinks beer every day . " I drink beer every day to keep healthy " is against common sense because Teenagers are prohibited from drinking . 
0" you need to fail the exam to get a certification " is against common sense because Only those who pass the exam can get a certification . " you need to fail the exam to get a certification " is against common sense because failing the exam will impel us to study more hard . " you need to fail the exam to get a certification " is against common sense because it is pretty to get a certification . 
1" we are good friends so we abuse each other " is against common sense because My boss often abuses his opponents . " we are good friends so we abuse each other " is against common sense because friends do beneficial things for each other . " we are good friends so we abuse each other " is against common sense because he is my good friend . 
0" elephants are quite little animals " is against common sense because Elephants are much bigger than people . " elephants are quite little animals " is against common sense because Elephants are very kind to me when I touch them . " elephants are quite little animals " is against common sense because There are many elephants in Africa . 
0" Children need to stay away from books " is against common sense because it is time to study when you are young . " Children need to stay away from books " is against common sense because There are all kinds of books in my family . " Children need to stay away from books " is against common sense because I'm a child and I put myself in books every moment . 
0" traveling the world will narrow your horizon " is against common sense because you will learn a lot when traveling the world . " traveling the world will narrow your horizon " is against common sense because I love traveling the world on my holiday with my mother . " traveling the world will narrow your horizon " is against common sense because this road is too narrow to pass a car . 
1" We play football in my bedroom " is against common sense because there is a football in my bedroom . " We play football in my bedroom " is against common sense because Playing football requires a lot of space . " We play football in my bedroom " is against common sense because My bedroom is very messy because it has not been tidied up for a long time . 
1" There are few guests in this restaurant because of its perfect food " is against common sense because There will be many guests in my house at Christmas . " There are few guests in this restaurant because of its perfect food " is against common sense because people want to eat delicious food . " There are few guests in this restaurant because of its perfect food " is against common sense because Sometimes I go to a restaurant for dinner . 
0" We should cut in line when there is a queue " is against common sense because cutting in line is a impolite behavior . " We should cut in line when there is a queue " is against common sense because some people cut in line to save more time . " We should cut in line when there is a queue " is against common sense because A lot of people are standing in the queue . 
2" People respect him very much because he is a murderer " is against common sense because murderers always have ugly hearts . " People respect him very much because he is a murderer " is against common sense because He murdered his colleague for a chance to promote . " People respect him very much because he is a murderer " is against common sense because The murderer will be put in prison and spit . 
2" Time is specific " is against common sense because I have a lot of time to do my homework . " Time is specific " is against common sense because I have specific reasons to take my time . " Time is specific " is against common sense because we cannot touch the time . 
0" People can breathe in the water " is against common sense because People will drown in the water . " People can breathe in the water " is against common sense because we need to drink a lot of water every day . " People can breathe in the water " is against common sense because fish can breathe in the water . 
1" You can use meat to feed to Sloths " is against common sense because tigers eat meat every day in the zoo . " You can use meat to feed to Sloths " is against common sense because The sloth cannot digest meat . " You can use meat to feed to Sloths " is against common sense because I do not like eating meal . 
2" he became one of my best friends because he is hypocritical " is against common sense because hypocritical people hate each other . " he became one of my best friends because he is hypocritical " is against common sense because my mother always asks me not to be too honest . " he became one of my best friends because he is hypocritical " is against common sense because no one like the hypocritical persons . 
1" it is useless to read books every day " is against common sense because copying others' homework is useless to your grades . " it is useless to read books every day " is against common sense because reading can help you broaden your horizons . " it is useless to read books every day " is against common sense because I read books every day . 
1" I am good at swimming because I have always live in the desert " is against common sense because There are many camels in the desert and they won't teach me swimming . " I am good at swimming because I have always live in the desert " is against common sense because there are usually no place in the desert for me to swim . " I am good at swimming because I have always live in the desert " is against common sense because swimming is good for your health . 
1" the people in cities are usually poorer than the people in the countryside " is against common sense because The population of cities is usually bigger than the countryside . " the people in cities are usually poorer than the people in the countryside " is against common sense because cities usually develop better . " the people in cities are usually poorer than the people in the countryside " is against common sense because There are usually many farmers in the countryside . 
2" People usually Shed tears during exercising " is against common sense because Exercise makes people stronger . " People usually Shed tears during exercising " is against common sense because People get hot when they exercise . " People usually Shed tears during exercising " is against common sense because Exercising is not sad . 
2" People usually enter houses through windows " is against common sense because Thieves usually enter houses through windows . " People usually enter houses through windows " is against common sense because Most houses have a lot of windows . " People usually enter houses through windows " is against common sense because Windows are usually used for ventilation and letting light in . 
0" People usually sleep in noisy places " is against common sense because noises wake people up . " People usually sleep in noisy places " is against common sense because People usually rest by sleeping at night . " People usually sleep in noisy places " is against common sense because People may dream while they are sleeping . 
2" You can see many people live in the water " is against common sense because You can see a lot of fish in the sea . " You can see many people live in the water " is against common sense because Some people build houses on the sea . " You can see many people live in the water " is against common sense because water cannot provide air to humans . 
0" Most people can afford luxury goods " is against common sense because Luxury goods usually have high prices . " Most people can afford luxury goods " is against common sense because Most wealthy people can afford luxury goods . " Most people can afford luxury goods " is against common sense because Luxury goods are usually of better quality . 
1" We need airplanes to go to the moon " is against common sense because We can go to other places on the earth by airplane . " We need airplanes to go to the moon " is against common sense because Aircraft can't fly out of the atmosphere . " We need airplanes to go to the moon " is against common sense because No life has been found on the moon . 
2" We can hear voices in the vacuum " is against common sense because We can hear voices in the air . " We can hear voices in the vacuum " is against common sense because People can't live in the vacuum without spacesuits . " We can hear voices in the vacuum " is against common sense because Sound propagation Needs Medium . 
0" People should throw banana peels on the ground " is against common sense because banana peels can make people slip down . " People should throw banana peels on the ground " is against common sense because People rarely eat banana peels . " People should throw banana peels on the ground " is against common sense because Some people with poor quality throw banana peel on the ground . 
2" People usually use electrical appliances with wet hands " is against common sense because Electrical appliances need electric to work . " People usually use electrical appliances with wet hands " is against common sense because The human body can also conduct electricity . " People usually use electrical appliances with wet hands " is against common sense because water can conduct electricity which will lead to dangers . 
1" People can't use plants to make paper " is against common sense because People can use paper to make books . " People can't use plants to make paper " is against common sense because Plants contain a lot of fiber which can be used to make paper . " People can't use plants to make paper " is against common sense because Paper and plants bear no resemblance in appearance . 
1" teenagers should smoke " is against common sense because Smoking may lead to poverty . " teenagers should smoke " is against common sense because Smoking damages humans' lungs . " teenagers should smoke " is against common sense because It's easy for people to buy cigarettes . 
0" people usually ask a waiter to cook " is against common sense because waiters serve customers at their tables . " people usually ask a waiter to cook " is against common sense because people can ask a waiter to offer the menu . " people usually ask a waiter to cook " is against common sense because a waiter usually has a good manner . 
2" Bees usually live in places with few flowers " is against common sense because the bee is a black and yellow flying insect that can sting . " Bees usually live in places with few flowers " is against common sense because It hurts when humans are stung by bees . " Bees usually live in places with few flowers " is against common sense because Bees need flowers to produce honey . 
1" People should believe what happens in their dreams " is against common sense because Sometimes people have strange dreams . " People should believe what happens in their dreams " is against common sense because Dreams are usually unrealistic . " People should believe what happens in their dreams " is against common sense because Not everyone dreams while sleeping . 
2" Most countries don't need troops " is against common sense because Countries with armies are usually developing well . " Most countries don't need troops " is against common sense because It costs a lot of money to build an army . " Most countries don't need troops " is against common sense because troops can protect the country . 
2" Pianists usually have inflexible fingers " is against common sense because The piano accompaniment is one form of performing art . " Pianists usually have inflexible fingers " is against common sense because Learning piano playing is an activity that combines both mental skills and action skills . " Pianists usually have inflexible fingers " is against common sense because Playing the piano requires constant and skilled use of fingers . 
0" we are usually allowed to smoke in Gas stations " is against common sense because Gasoline burns easily . " we are usually allowed to smoke in Gas stations " is against common sense because Smoking may make others uncomfortable . " we are usually allowed to smoke in Gas stations " is against common sense because People can smoke in the bathroom . 
1" People usually know what will happen in the future " is against common sense because People usually think they will be better in the future . " People usually know what will happen in the future " is against common sense because The future is usually unpredictable . " People usually know what will happen in the future " is against common sense because People usually can know what happened in the past . 
2" People like mice " is against common sense because mice are usually afraid of humans . " People like mice " is against common sense because Some people regard mice as pets . " People like mice " is against common sense because Mice can spread diseases and bite things . 
0" Shepherds usually like wolves " is against common sense because Wolves will eat shepherds' sheep . " Shepherds usually like wolves " is against common sense because Shepherds can eat wolf meat . " Shepherds usually like wolves " is against common sense because Wolves are usually social animals . 
1" People living in the desert often waste water " is against common sense because There is a lot of sand in the desert . " People living in the desert often waste water " is against common sense because There is little water in the desert . " People living in the desert often waste water " is against common sense because The leaves of desert plants are usually very small . 
2" Generally speaking taking notes is not a good habit " is against common sense because In the last century we usually took notes on paper . " Generally speaking taking notes is not a good habit " is against common sense because We can use a computer to take notes . " Generally speaking taking notes is not a good habit " is against common sense because Taking notes makes learning more efficient . 
0" Materialists believe in the existence of Jesus " is against common sense because Materialists believe that there is no god in the world . " Materialists believe in the existence of Jesus " is against common sense because Materialists refer to those who born in the family of Materialists . " Materialists believe in the existence of Jesus " is against common sense because Materialism can also be subdivided into many categories . 
1" Eating kelp with Onions is good for your health " is against common sense because Many people don't like to smell Onions . " Eating kelp with Onions is good for your health " is against common sense because eating kelp with Onions may cause stones . " Eating kelp with Onions is good for your health " is against common sense because Onions can be disinfected . 
1" We can use the ATM to get bank cards " is against common sense because We can use the ATM to withdraw money . " We can use the ATM to get bank cards " is against common sense because ATM does not have the function of offering bank cards . " We can use the ATM to get bank cards " is against common sense because when we finish operating we can get our cards back from the ATM . 
1" Software development doesn't cost money " is against common sense because the software is virtual and Untouchable . " Software development doesn't cost money " is against common sense because Software development requires machine support and human resources . " Software development doesn't cost money " is against common sense because There are fewer girls in the industry of software development . 
2" All the boys like girls on the sexual aspect " is against common sense because Girls might like girls . " All the boys like girls on the sexual aspect " is against common sense because Boys like girls are in line with the traditional concept . " All the boys like girls on the sexual aspect " is against common sense because Some boys like boys on the sexual aspect . 
2" We wear more clothes when the weather gets warmer " is against common sense because more clothes make it hard collocate them . " We wear more clothes when the weather gets warmer " is against common sense because It gets warmer from winter to spring . " We wear more clothes when the weather gets warmer " is against common sense because generally more clothes will make us hotter . 
0" It's healthier to drink river water " is against common sense because There are bacteria in the river water . " It's healthier to drink river water " is against common sense because There may be fish in the river . " It's healthier to drink river water " is against common sense because Rivers can be used to irrigate fields . 
2" Most of the goods are free " is against common sense because Different kinds of goods are usually sold in different places . " Most of the goods are free " is against common sense because The production of goods may require many processes . " Most of the goods are free " is against common sense because Businesses sell goods for profit . 
1" Keys are usually made of plastic " is against common sense because Plastic can be used to make chairs . " Keys are usually made of plastic " is against common sense because Plastic is not durable for the key . " Keys are usually made of plastic " is against common sense because Plastic can be used to make plastic bags . 
1" When the house stinks we don't want to clean it " is against common sense because Cleaning is a good habit . " When the house stinks we don't want to clean it " is against common sense because Smelly rooms make it difficult to stay in . " When the house stinks we don't want to clean it " is against common sense because Something might be broken when the house stinks . 
0" Milk can be drunk at room temperature for a month after being opened " is against common sense because Milk will spoil after it is opened at room temperature for a month . " Milk can be drunk at room temperature for a month after being opened " is against common sense because Drinking more milk is good for health . " Milk can be drunk at room temperature for a month after being opened " is against common sense because Milk contains a lot of nutrients needed by the human body and can be produced in batches . 
0" In order to protect the trees we should use less disposable paper towels " is against common sense because Paper towels are made of grass . " In order to protect the trees we should use less disposable paper towels " is against common sense because To protect trees is to protect the future . " In order to protect the trees we should use less disposable paper towels " is against common sense because Trees can prevent soil erosion . 
0" In ordinary times we can see the legendary dragon " is against common sense because Dragons are imaginary animals . " In ordinary times we can see the legendary dragon " is against common sense because The legendary dragon can call the wind and rain . " In ordinary times we can see the legendary dragon " is against common sense because The dragon is powerful . 
2" Copying homework is a good thing " is against common sense because In order to be comfortable we may copy our homework . " Copying homework is a good thing " is against common sense because The teacher will criticize us if he finds us copying our homework . " Copying homework is a good thing " is against common sense because Copying homework is a kind of irresponsible behavior for learning . 
0" Many people don't go bald as they get older " is against common sense because Baldness is common in old age due to genetic problems . " Many people don't go bald as they get older " is against common sense because Baldness is a common phenomenon and we should treat it with peace of mind . " Many people don't go bald as they get older " is against common sense because You can wear a wig if you're bald . 
1" When we're laughing, we are usually sad " is against common sense because It is good to laugh often . " When we're laughing, we are usually sad " is against common sense because We usually cry when we are sad . " When we're laughing, we are usually sad " is against common sense because a joke may make you laugh for a whole day . 
0" The mouse is usually the core of a computer " is against common sense because A computer can function without a mouse . " The mouse is usually the core of a computer " is against common sense because Wireless mouse can bring a lot of conveniences . " The mouse is usually the core of a computer " is against common sense because The mouse makes the computer easier to use than with just a keyboard . 
0" It's good to get x-rays frequently " is against common sense because Too much x-ray is harmful to the human body . " It's good to get x-rays frequently " is against common sense because X-ray machines are expensive . " It's good to get x-rays frequently " is against common sense because X-rays can help doctors make auxiliary diagnoses . 
2" Taking too much medicine is a good thing " is against common sense because Some specific drugs will sell very expensive because of patent problems . " Taking too much medicine is a good thing " is against common sense because Minor ailments can be treated with medication . " Taking too much medicine is a good thing " is against common sense because Taking too much medicine is generally harmful to the body . 
1" When we want to look out the window, we close the curtains " is against common sense because Curtains can protect our privacy . " When we want to look out the window, we close the curtains " is against common sense because Closing the curtains will obscure the Windows . " When we want to look out the window, we close the curtains " is against common sense because Curtains are usually made of cloth . 
2" When we want to log into a new website it's not necessary to register " is against common sense because You need an Internet connection to log into a website . " When we want to log into a new website it's not necessary to register " is against common sense because Some websites have members who can get better service . " When we want to log into a new website it's not necessary to register " is against common sense because You can't log in the new website without an account . 
0" We feel energetic after exercising for a long time " is against common sense because exercising for a long time make people tired . " We feel energetic after exercising for a long time " is against common sense because Exercise will bring you health . " We feel energetic after exercising for a long time " is against common sense because Daily exercise is important . 
1" people usually use water cup to retain meal " is against common sense because People usually use plates to fill meals . " people usually use water cup to retain meal " is against common sense because water cups are used to retain liquids . " people usually use water cup to retain meal " is against common sense because people can use water cap to retain coffee . 
0" The doctor usually goes to the hospital because they are sick " is against common sense because Doctors go to the hospital to cure others' illness . " The doctor usually goes to the hospital because they are sick " is against common sense because Doctors sometimes may get sick since they are humans . " The doctor usually goes to the hospital because they are sick " is against common sense because Doctors can help patients . 
2" When people encounter robbers they will call ambulances " is against common sense because There are usually doctors and nurses in ambulances . " When people encounter robbers they will call ambulances " is against common sense because Ambulances usually drive very fast to save people . " When people encounter robbers they will call ambulances " is against common sense because only the injured person needs to call an ambulance . 
0" People can play on the highway " is against common sense because There are many cars driving on the highway . " People can play on the highway " is against common sense because There are usually a lot of fences along the highway . " People can play on the highway " is against common sense because The ground on a highway is usually very smooth . 
1" People can't ask a guide for help when they travel " is against common sense because Tourist guides usually know the tourist attractions very well . " People can't ask a guide for help when they travel " is against common sense because the guide's job is to help tourists . " People can't ask a guide for help when they travel " is against common sense because It costs people money to hire guides . 
1" People can eat a lot of junk food " is against common sense because fast food usually is a kind of junk food . " People can eat a lot of junk food " is against common sense because Eating junk food leads to obesity . " People can eat a lot of junk food " is against common sense because junk food usually tastes good . 
0" People should pollute water resources " is against common sense because Polluted water is harmful to human . " People should pollute water resources " is against common sense because dropping litter carelessly may pollute water resources . " People should pollute water resources " is against common sense because Some chemical factories pollute water resources . 
2" Myopic people usually don't need glasses " is against common sense because People who often play with computers are likely to be myopic . " Myopic people usually don't need glasses " is against common sense because Glasses usually consist of two pieces of glass and a frame . " Myopic people usually don't need glasses " is against common sense because Glasses can help myopic people see clearly . 
1" parks are not suitable for walking around " is against common sense because People don't usually walk on the highway . " parks are not suitable for walking around " is against common sense because The environment in parks is usually great . " parks are not suitable for walking around " is against common sense because There are usually many trees in parks . 
2" People usually run without shoes " is against common sense because now some brand shoes are more and more expensive . " People usually run without shoes " is against common sense because People can run faster with shoes . " People usually run without shoes " is against common sense because running without shoes must hurt your feet . 
1" People usually wear clothes made of wood " is against common sense because Wood can be used to make furniture . " People usually wear clothes made of wood " is against common sense because clothes made of wood are rare . " People usually wear clothes made of wood " is against common sense because People can keep warm by wearing clothes . 
1" People can't send letters with pigeons " is against common sense because Pigeons are a special kind of bird . " People can't send letters with pigeons " is against common sense because Pigeons usually have a sense of direction . " People can't send letters with pigeons " is against common sense because Some people raise pigeons to eat their meat . 
0" People should eat a lot of sugar " is against common sense because Too much sugar can damage your teeth . " People should eat a lot of sugar " is against common sense because Sugar is sweet and most people like it . " People should eat a lot of sugar " is against common sense because Most children like eating sugar because of its sweet taste . 
2" it's easy for people without hearts to survive " is against common sense because the heart is a special organ in the human's chest . " it's easy for people without hearts to survive " is against common sense because The heart of a living person usually beats . " it's easy for people without hearts to survive " is against common sense because one person will die quickly without the heart beating . 
2" humans are usually casual to wild tigers " is against common sense because The tiger belongs to the cat family . " humans are usually casual to wild tigers " is against common sense because Tigers and sheep have quite different natures . " humans are usually casual to wild tigers " is against common sense because Wild tigers may attack humans . 
2" Snakes usually eat elephants " is against common sense because Most people seem to be petrified of snakes . " Snakes usually eat elephants " is against common sense because A snake can coil itself up or coil around a branch . " Snakes usually eat elephants " is against common sense because Elephants are much bigger than snakes . 
0" Most roads have no trees beside them " is against common sense because Trees can absorb vehicle exhaust . " Most roads have no trees beside them " is against common sense because People usually cut trees to get wood . " Most roads have no trees beside them " is against common sense because Most trees usually grow very slowly . 
1" humans breathe only with their noses " is against common sense because humans usually have only one nose on their face . " humans breathe only with their noses " is against common sense because humans can breathe with their mouths . " humans breathe only with their noses " is against common sense because humans usually smell through their noses . 
2" People can use computers in the shower " is against common sense because People usually use the keyboard and mouse to control the computer . " People can use computers in the shower " is against common sense because People usually use computers at work . " People can use computers in the shower " is against common sense because Computers are not waterproof . 
2" humans usually don't eat with their mouths " is against common sense because What people eat is digested in their stomach . " humans usually don't eat with their mouths " is against common sense because humans usually have tongues in their mouths . " humans usually don't eat with their mouths " is against common sense because Food must pass through the mouth to reach the stomach . 
0" Iron products are usually not sensitive to rain " is against common sense because Rain will rust iron . " Iron products are usually not sensitive to rain " is against common sense because Iron products are usually hard . " Iron products are usually not sensitive to rain " is against common sense because rain can't rust Stainless steel . 
0" People shouldn't feed monkeys bananas " is against common sense because Monkeys like bananas . " People shouldn't feed monkeys bananas " is against common sense because Monkeys usually don't eat meat . " People shouldn't feed monkeys bananas " is against common sense because it is easy for monkeys to climb trees . 
1" People usually wear sunglasses on rainy days " is against common sense because sunglasses contain a pair of glasses with almost dark glass in them . " People usually wear sunglasses on rainy days " is against common sense because The sunshine is usually weak on rainy days . " People usually wear sunglasses on rainy days " is against common sense because You can see people with sunglasses on the beach . 
1" People usually don't knock at the door before entering " is against common sense because People don't have to knock when they enter their rooms . " People usually don't knock at the door before entering " is against common sense because it's polite to knock before going in . " People usually don't knock at the door before entering " is against common sense because Sometimes you can enter without knocking at the door . 
2" People usually grab crab forceps " is against common sense because Crabs usually have many feet but only two crab forceps . " People usually grab crab forceps " is against common sense because Crabs usually live in the water . " People usually grab crab forceps " is against common sense because Crab forceps can hurt people's hands . 
1" Grass usually grows in winter " is against common sense because Most grass will turn yellow in autumn . " Grass usually grows in winter " is against common sense because grass usually grows in a warm environment . " Grass usually grows in winter " is against common sense because Some grass can grow in winter . 
0" I am so relaxed that I do not know what to say " is against common sense because people usually perform well when he is relaxed . " I am so relaxed that I do not know what to say " is against common sense because when we are nervous we need to find a way to relax . " I am so relaxed that I do not know what to say " is against common sense because playing computer games is so relaxed . 
0" we are going to watch the sunset tomorrow so you need to get up early " is against common sense because the sunset occurs at dusk . " we are going to watch the sunset tomorrow so you need to get up early " is against common sense because the sunset is beautiful . " we are going to watch the sunset tomorrow so you need to get up early " is against common sense because I watched the sunset with my mother yesterday . 
1" a chair can be used to lie " is against common sense because I have two chairs in my bedroom . " a chair can be used to lie " is against common sense because a chair is not big and broad enough . " a chair can be used to lie " is against common sense because You can't lie in the street . 
0" doing housework is a good way to entertain ourselves " is against common sense because it is tiring to do housework . " doing housework is a good way to entertain ourselves " is against common sense because my mother does housework every day . " doing housework is a good way to entertain ourselves " is against common sense because listening to music it a good way to entertain ourselves . 
1" I need water because I am hungry " is against common sense because we need to drink water every day to keep healthy . " I need water because I am hungry " is against common sense because you need to eat food when you are hungry . " I need water because I am hungry " is against common sense because I am not hungry . 
2" I love the play very much because it is terrible " is against common sense because the dinner Is terrible last night . " I love the play very much because it is terrible " is against common sense because I love the player very much because he is skillful . " I love the play very much because it is terrible " is against common sense because people prefer to watch good plays . 
1" this company makes a lot of money because of its outdated equipment " is against common sense because his company makes a lot of money . " this company makes a lot of money because of its outdated equipment " is against common sense because outdated equipment is useless . " this company makes a lot of money because of its outdated equipment " is against common sense because your equipment is outdated . 
1" there are many kinds of plants in Antarctica " is against common sense because the Antarctica is not suitable for human to live in . " there are many kinds of plants in Antarctica " is against common sense because Most plates will die in extreme climates . " there are many kinds of plants in Antarctica " is against common sense because the Antarctica is far away from us . 
1" Cosmetics can make me more ugly " is against common sense because there are different kinds of cosmetics . " Cosmetics can make me more ugly " is against common sense because Cosmetics can cover up skin defects . " Cosmetics can make me more ugly " is against common sense because staying up will make you become more ugly . 
2" Basketball is square " is against common sense because I love playing basketball very much . " Basketball is square " is against common sense because baseball is spherical not square . " Basketball is square " is against common sense because Basketball has no edges . 
0" the mirror is a part of the computer " is against common sense because the computer doesn't contain a mirror . " the mirror is a part of the computer " is against common sense because I like looking in the mirror after I use the computer for a long time . " the mirror is a part of the computer " is against common sense because a Keyboard is a part of a computer . 
1" this novel is too thin to finish quickly " is against common sense because I finished this novel quickly because I think it is interesting . " this novel is too thin to finish quickly " is against common sense because the thinner the book is the shorter time it takes to read it . " this novel is too thin to finish quickly " is against common sense because I am too thin to play basketball well . 
2" People can't make up in the bathroom " is against common sense because Girls usually buy a lot of cosmetics . " People can't make up in the bathroom " is against common sense because it usually takes more than half an hour to make up . " People can't make up in the bathroom " is against common sense because There is usually a mirror in the bathroom . 
0" People can talk loudly in hospitals " is against common sense because Patients need a quiet environment to rest . " People can talk loudly in hospitals " is against common sense because Families of patients usually visit patients in hospitals . " People can talk loudly in hospitals " is against common sense because There are usually many doctors and nurses in hospitals . 
1" You can see the living dragon " is against common sense because People usually think dragons are powerful . " You can see the living dragon " is against common sense because Dragon is fictional . " You can see the living dragon " is against common sense because People usually think that dragons can fly . 
2" Soldiers are usually very weak " is against common sense because Soldiers usually need to wear military uniforms . " Soldiers are usually very weak " is against common sense because Soldiers are always used to the operating military . " Soldiers are usually very weak " is against common sense because weak people are not suitable to be soldiers . 
0" People shouldn't drink tea " is against common sense because Drinking tea is good for health . " People shouldn't drink tea " is against common sense because Tea leaves are usually picked from tea plants . " People shouldn't drink tea " is against common sense because Most of the tea leaves are green . 
1" People should tell strangers the address of their families " is against common sense because People can tell friends about the address of their families . " People should tell strangers the address of their families " is against common sense because Family address is personal privacy . " People should tell strangers the address of their families " is against common sense because People can find a person by his home address . 
2" You can touch the software with your hands " is against common sense because Computer programs are referred to as software . " You can touch the software with your hands " is against common sense because There are usually bugs in the software . " You can touch the software with your hands " is against common sense because the Software is virtual . 
1" You can save drowning people if you can't swim " is against common sense because People who can swim may also drown . " You can save drowning people if you can't swim " is against common sense because People who can't swim may drown . " You can save drowning people if you can't swim " is against common sense because Drowning people may die from lack of oxygen . 
2" People should ignore their mistakes " is against common sense because people always make mistakes . " People should ignore their mistakes " is against common sense because some people can learn from their mistakes . " People should ignore their mistakes " is against common sense because Mistakes can lead to bad consequences . 
1" People usually see lightning on sunny days " is against common sense because Lightning is usually followed by thunder . " People usually see lightning on sunny days " is against common sense because Lightning usually occurs with clouds . " People usually see lightning on sunny days " is against common sense because Lightning is usually dangerous to human . 
1" People go to school for sleeping " is against common sense because There are many teachers and students in the school . " People go to school for sleeping " is against common sense because School is the place to learn . " People go to school for sleeping " is against common sense because People spend money to go to school . 
1" Doctors don't need to write papers " is against common sense because Doctors are usually smarter than ordinary people . " Doctors don't need to write papers " is against common sense because Doctors need papers to qualify themselves . " Doctors don't need to write papers " is against common sense because Doctors usually earn more money than ordinary people . 
1" People usually drive tanks at sea " is against common sense because Tanks usually have a metal and solid shell . " People usually drive tanks at sea " is against common sense because Tanks cannot float on the sea . " People usually drive tanks at sea " is against common sense because Tanks are usually used in warfare . 
0" People should destroy the collections in museums " is against common sense because collections in museums are precious and belong to the country . " People should destroy the collections in museums " is against common sense because People usually need tickets to enter museums . " People should destroy the collections in museums " is against common sense because Museums usually are extraordinary and have a lot of visitors . 
1" People usually hate pet dogs " is against common sense because Dogs like to eat a lot of meat . " People usually hate pet dogs " is against common sense because Dogs are usually humans' friends . " People usually hate pet dogs " is against common sense because Some dogs may bite humans . 
2" People can usually see chickens in the sky " is against common sense because People raise chickens for their meat or eggs . " People can usually see chickens in the sky " is against common sense because Chickens have wings like other birds . " People can usually see chickens in the sky " is against common sense because Chickens can't fly . 
1" People usually hate to travel " is against common sense because People usually spend money to travel . " People usually hate to travel " is against common sense because Traveling makes people relax . " People usually hate to travel " is against common sense because People usually spend a lot of time traveling . 
2" People can't judge the direction by the sun " is against common sense because no one can reach the sun . " People can't judge the direction by the sun " is against common sense because people can judge the direction by compass . " People can't judge the direction by the sun " is against common sense because the sun moves from east to west in a day slowly . 
2" Businessmen are usually rude to their guests " is against common sense because Businessmen generally travel safely through the border . " Businessmen are usually rude to their guests " is against common sense because A businessman is a person who makes a profit by buying and selling goods . " Businessmen are usually rude to their guests " is against common sense because Businessmen don't want to irritate guests . 
2" I can pass the shopping mall easily because it is crowded " is against common sense because it is easy to buy something you love in the shopping mall . " I can pass the shopping mall easily because it is crowded " is against common sense because I need to shop in the shopping mall . " I can pass the shopping mall easily because it is crowded " is against common sense because people move slowly when it is crowded . 
1" we cannot live without wine " is against common sense because we cannot live without vegetables . " we cannot live without wine " is against common sense because some people do not drink wine . " we cannot live without wine " is against common sense because there are many different kinds of wine . 
0" children are encouraged to be dishonest " is against common sense because dishonesty isn't good quality . " children are encouraged to be dishonest " is against common sense because children are encouraged to be kind to others . " children are encouraged to be dishonest " is against common sense because to be honest you are not good at playing basketball . 
1" Love is a terrible feeling " is against common sense because drinking too much makes me feel terrible . " Love is a terrible feeling " is against common sense because Everyone longs for love . " Love is a terrible feeling " is against common sense because my parents love me very much . 
0" water has the effect of making things dry " is against common sense because Water is liquid and makes things wet . " water has the effect of making things dry " is against common sense because the weather is so dry that I feel uncomfortable . " water has the effect of making things dry " is against common sense because we need to drink more water in hot days . 
1" we can drive without a driver's license " is against common sense because I drive very well because I drove for ten years . " we can drive without a driver's license " is against common sense because driving without a license is not allowed by law . " we can drive without a driver's license " is against common sense because you need to be focused when you are driving . 
0" People usually wear clothes when they take a bath " is against common sense because It's inconvenient to bathe in clothes . " People usually wear clothes when they take a bath " is against common sense because people usually wash the dirt off bodies with water when they take a bath . " People usually wear clothes when they take a bath " is against common sense because People usually bathe in warm water in winter . 
0" People should wash clean clothes " is against common sense because people wash clothes to make them clean . " People should wash clean clothes " is against common sense because People usually use detergent to wash clothes . " People should wash clean clothes " is against common sense because The washing machine can help people wash clothes . 
1" People usually drink river water " is against common sense because people can drink boiled or filtered water . " People usually drink river water " is against common sense because people may get a tummy upset after drinking river water . " People usually drink river water " is against common sense because Many creatures can be found in rivers . 
1" People hardly like gold " is against common sense because Gold is similar in color to brass . " People hardly like gold " is against common sense because Gold is very valuable . " People hardly like gold " is against common sense because gold's density is big . 
0" Students usually do their homework in bed " is against common sense because It's difficult to write while lying down . " Students usually do their homework in bed " is against common sense because People usually sleep in bed at night . " Students usually do their homework in bed " is against common sense because Writing homework is the bounden duty of students . 
2" Wheat is of no use to human beings " is against common sense because People usually harvest wheat in autumn . " Wheat is of no use to human beings " is against common sense because Wheat is grown in places which have cold winters and warm summers . " Wheat is of no use to human beings " is against common sense because wheat is a common food resource . 
1" Humans usually like eating mice " is against common sense because Cheese is really a good lure for mice . " Humans usually like eating mice " is against common sense because Mice usually carry pathogens . " Humans usually like eating mice " is against common sense because A mouse can gnaw a hole through wood . 
0" Children should play with knives " is against common sense because knives may hurt children . " Children should play with knives " is against common sense because People can cut ropes with knives . " Children should play with knives " is against common sense because Most knives are made of metal . 
0" People don't need to use air conditioning on a hot day " is against common sense because air conditioning can keep the room cool . " People don't need to use air conditioning on a hot day " is against common sense because now air conditioning is cheap . " People don't need to use air conditioning on a hot day " is against common sense because it needs electricity to use air conditioning . 
2" People are usually happy when they fall down " is against common sense because People are usually happy when they are rewarded . " People are usually happy when they fall down " is against common sense because People are often tripped over by stones . " People are usually happy when they fall down " is against common sense because Falling down makes people hurt and embarrassed . 
2" People need to work on holidays " is against common sense because most People like holidays very much . " People need to work on holidays " is against common sense because People can travel on holidays . " People need to work on holidays " is against common sense because People usually rest on holidays . 
1" People usually read books when they walk " is against common sense because People usually read books in quiet places . " People usually read books when they walk " is against common sense because reading books when walking is dangerous . " People usually read books when they walk " is against common sense because There are many people reading books in the library . 
0" People usually don't need condiments while cooking " is against common sense because condiments are necessary for cooking . " People usually don't need condiments while cooking " is against common sense because Too many condiments can make food tasteless . " People usually don't need condiments while cooking " is against common sense because Salt is a common condiment in people's kitchens . 
0" People usually feed tiger grass in zoos " is against common sense because Tigers are carnivores . " People usually feed tiger grass in zoos " is against common sense because People usually feed horses grass in zoos . " People usually feed tiger grass in zoos " is against common sense because there are usually many kinds of grass in tigers' habitats . 
1" People can usually see snow in the summer " is against common sense because Snow is usually white . " People can usually see snow in the summer " is against common sense because It won't snow in hot weather . " People can usually see snow in the summer " is against common sense because snow usually comes from nimbus clouds . 
0" Some people were born on February thirtieth " is against common sense because there are no thirtieth on February . " Some people were born on February thirtieth " is against common sense because People's birthdays are usually commemorative . " Some people were born on February thirtieth " is against common sense because There are many people who have the same birthday as you . 
2" People can open locked boxes directly " is against common sense because Locked boxes are safe to put things in . " People can open locked boxes directly " is against common sense because People usually put valuable things in locked boxes . " People can open locked boxes directly " is against common sense because it needs keys to open the locked box . 
2" It's hard for people to see their neighbors " is against common sense because Most people have several neighbors . " It's hard for people to see their neighbors " is against common sense because People should be friendly to their neighbors . " It's hard for people to see their neighbors " is against common sense because Neighbors live close to you . 
1" People usually pack food on hands " is against common sense because People should wash their hands before eating . " People usually pack food on hands " is against common sense because It is unsanitary to grasp food by hand . " People usually pack food on hands " is against common sense because People usually need to use their hands when they eat . 
1" people usually marry the one they hate " is against common sense because People usually marry the opposite sex . " people usually marry the one they hate " is against common sense because People marry because of love . " people usually marry the one they hate " is against common sense because Marriage is a very important thing in people's life . 
2" People usually go to the gym for eating " is against common sense because People can go to the gym with friends . " People usually go to the gym for eating " is against common sense because People can go to the gym to play basketball . " People usually go to the gym for eating " is against common sense because There is usually no food in gymnasiums . 
0" People usually go fishing in sand " is against common sense because fish don't live in the sand . " People usually go fishing in sand " is against common sense because There are usually small insects in the sand . " People usually go fishing in sand " is against common sense because people can go fishing in the lake . 
0" The temperature during the day is usually lower than at night " is against common sense because It's usually hotter when the sun is in the sky . " The temperature during the day is usually lower than at night " is against common sense because The temperature in summer is usually higher than that in winter . " The temperature during the day is usually lower than at night " is against common sense because People usually work during the day and rest at night . 
1" People usually dry their bodies with plastic " is against common sense because People can't throw away plastic products at will . " People usually dry their bodies with plastic " is against common sense because plastic can't suck water . " People usually dry their bodies with plastic " is against common sense because Plastics have been used widely . 
2" We can use the net to catch water " is against common sense because People usually need to drink water every day . " We can use the net to catch water " is against common sense because People can use fishing nets to catch fish . " We can use the net to catch water " is against common sense because There are many holes in the net . 
2" People can use calculators to make telephone calls " is against common sense because Computers usually compute faster than people . " People can use calculators to make telephone calls " is against common sense because People can use calculators to calculate formulas . " People can use calculators to make telephone calls " is against common sense because Calculators are not communication tools . 
1" The Earth revolves around the moon " is against common sense because the moon is smaller than the earth . " The Earth revolves around the moon " is against common sense because The Moon is the Earth's Satellite . " The Earth revolves around the moon " is against common sense because we cannot see the moon tonight . 
2" Beer contains gasoline " is against common sense because we need gasoline to drive a car . " Beer contains gasoline " is against common sense because beer contains alcohol . " Beer contains gasoline " is against common sense because Gasoline smells terrible . 
2" elephants are small animals " is against common sense because we know that elephants are very kind to human . " elephants are small animals " is against common sense because cats are very small animals . " elephants are small animals " is against common sense because elephants are bigger than human . 
1" we can see aliens in the zoo " is against common sense because we can see different kinds of aliens in the movie . " we can see aliens in the zoo " is against common sense because aliens don't exist . " we can see aliens in the zoo " is against common sense because we can see cats in the zoo . 
2" the stone is a kind of food " is against common sense because there are many different kinds of stones . " the stone is a kind of food " is against common sense because the vegetable is a kind of food . " the stone is a kind of food " is against common sense because the stone contains no nutrition and can't be digested by people . 
1" Models are usually very short " is against common sense because my mother is a model and she can earn a lot of money . " Models are usually very short " is against common sense because the short person is hard to show the beauty of the clothes . " Models are usually very short " is against common sense because it is very tiring to be a model . 
0" Books are made of stones " is against common sense because The stone is very hard . " Books are made of stones " is against common sense because I read books every day . " Books are made of stones " is against common sense because there are many different kinds of books . 
2" my bag is full of chairs " is against common sense because this chair is too heavy to carry . " my bag is full of chairs " is against common sense because there are different kinds of books in my bag . " my bag is full of chairs " is against common sense because the chair is bigger than the bag . 
1" the movie is so interesting that I fall asleep " is against common sense because I watch a comedy with my parents every weekend in the past three years . " the movie is so interesting that I fall asleep " is against common sense because you will feel excited when you watch interesting movies . " the movie is so interesting that I fall asleep " is against common sense because the actor in the movie falls asleep because he is sleepy . 
0" this land is so barren that trees grow well " is against common sense because Trees need a lot of nutrition to grow . " this land is so barren that trees grow well " is against common sense because this land is so barren that people cannot live there . " this land is so barren that trees grow well " is against common sense because the trees around my house grow well . 
2" this article is so long that I can read it easily " is against common sense because I read different kinds of articles every day . " this article is so long that I can read it easily " is against common sense because the street is so long that I take an hour to pass . " this article is so long that I can read it easily " is against common sense because it will cost lots of time to read long articles . 
2" it is safe to swim in the sea " is against common sense because there are many ships in the sea . " it is safe to swim in the sea " is against common sense because I go swimming with my parents every summer . " it is safe to swim in the sea " is against common sense because uncontrolled things often happen in the sea . 
1" The soldiers were very patriotic and they attack their country " is against common sense because there are many university students joining the army to protect their country . " The soldiers were very patriotic and they attack their country " is against common sense because it is soldiers' duty to protect their country . " The soldiers were very patriotic and they attack their country " is against common sense because the soldiers will not attack citizens . 
1" I live in the city for its fresh air " is against common sense because I believe the air will be better in the future . " I live in the city for its fresh air " is against common sense because there is a lot of waste gas in the city . " I live in the city for its fresh air " is against common sense because fresh air makes me more comfortable . 
0" he is so inexperienced that he finished the task quickly " is against common sense because the more inexperienced the person is the slower the task gets finished . " he is so inexperienced that he finished the task quickly " is against common sense because I believe I will be an experienced engineer in ten years . " he is so inexperienced that he finished the task quickly " is against common sense because he is so outstanding that he finished the task quickly . 
0" we need to be friendly to our enemies " is against common sense because We must be always on guard against the enemy . " we need to be friendly to our enemies " is against common sense because my grandmother is so friendly that she has no enemy . " we need to be friendly to our enemies " is against common sense because my father has several enemies . 
1" it is hopeless for you to be admitted by the famous university because you are so outstanding " is against common sense because everyone has a chance to be outstanding . " it is hopeless for you to be admitted by the famous university because you are so outstanding " is against common sense because a famous university prefers outstanding students . " it is hopeless for you to be admitted by the famous university because you are so outstanding " is against common sense because MIT is a good school . 
0" Masters need to serve their servants " is against common sense because the master manipulates his servants . " Masters need to serve their servants " is against common sense because I hope one day I will have several servants to serve me . " Masters need to serve their servants " is against common sense because the master is very kind to his servants . 
0" my house is a public place " is against common sense because strangers are not allowed to enter my house . " my house is a public place " is against common sense because a park is a public place because it is open to all people . " my house is a public place " is against common sense because my house is very big . 
2" most plants prefer to grow in the shadow " is against common sense because the Mushroom grows well in the shadow . " most plants prefer to grow in the shadow " is against common sense because most plants grow well in my garden . " most plants prefer to grow in the shadow " is against common sense because most plants need photosynthesis . 
2" When the room is very bright you want to turn on the light " is against common sense because We might brighten the room by opening the curtains . " When the room is very bright you want to turn on the light " is against common sense because The room is dark and probably opaque . " When the room is very bright you want to turn on the light " is against common sense because you needn't turn on the light when there is bright enough . 
0" you'd better not wash your hands after using the toilet " is against common sense because If you don't wash your hands after using the toilet you may have germs on your hands . " you'd better not wash your hands after using the toilet " is against common sense because We may smell after using the toilet . " you'd better not wash your hands after using the toilet " is against common sense because Washing hands is a good habit . 
0" You want to wear short sleeves outside in winter " is against common sense because It's cold to wear short sleeves outside in winter . " You want to wear short sleeves outside in winter " is against common sense because We can wear short sleeves outside in summer . " You want to wear short sleeves outside in winter " is against common sense because If we wear short sleeves our arms will be exposed . 
1" Diesel cars need no oil to run " is against common sense because Diesel cars pollute the environment . " Diesel cars need no oil to run " is against common sense because The engine won't run without oil . " Diesel cars need no oil to run " is against common sense because Diesel cars were followed by new products such as electric cars . 
1" The more blood you lose the healthier you'll be " is against common sense because Too much blood loss leads to a lack of oxygen . " The more blood you lose the healthier you'll be " is against common sense because Blood is an essential part of the human body . " The more blood you lose the healthier you'll be " is against common sense because Humans have bone marrow that makes blood . 
2" Drunk driving is a good habit " is against common sense because The main ingredient of alcohol is ethanol . " Drunk driving is a good habit " is against common sense because If you don't drink too much you won't have too many problems . " Drunk driving is a good habit " is against common sense because Drunk driving may lead to an accident . 
0" A magnet can attract aluminum " is against common sense because Aluminum cannot be magnetized . " A magnet can attract aluminum " is against common sense because Aluminum is a very soft metal . " A magnet can attract aluminum " is against common sense because Aluminum can be made into alloys . 
1" Papers can make walls " is against common sense because Papers are usually white . " Papers can make walls " is against common sense because papers are too weak and fragile . " Papers can make walls " is against common sense because Papers are light . 
0" We can brush our teeth with body wash " is against common sense because Body wash is used to clean the body . " We can brush our teeth with body wash " is against common sense because Body wash is mostly scented . " We can brush our teeth with body wash " is against common sense because Body wash is liquid . 
0" he used his mind to open the door " is against common sense because the mind can't be used to manipulate actual things . " he used his mind to open the door " is against common sense because the door was locked and he couldn't open it . " he used his mind to open the door " is against common sense because his mind was not as strong as his hand . 
0" he used water to cook a meal " is against common sense because fire provides a lot of energy to heat food . " he used water to cook a meal " is against common sense because food cooked with water is not delicious because they are not . " he used water to cook a meal " is against common sense because fire is orange while water is colorless . 
1" he drinks a cup of oil " is against common sense because oil is thick while coffee is thin . " he drinks a cup of oil " is against common sense because oil is not drinkable . " he drinks a cup of oil " is against common sense because he tries all kinds of drinks . 
2" she traveled to the Antarctic on foot " is against common sense because she doesn't have wings . " she traveled to the Antarctic on foot " is against common sense because walking is cheaper than an air ticket . " she traveled to the Antarctic on foot " is against common sense because no man could walk across the ocean . 
2" I love eating books " is against common sense because eating is quicker than reading . " I love eating books " is against common sense because chefs don't know how to cookbooks . " I love eating books " is against common sense because books are materials of knowledge and can't be eaten . 
0" after dinner he prepared the dishes " is against common sense because the dishes were eaten during dinner . " after dinner he prepared the dishes " is against common sense because the dishes were eaten up . " after dinner he prepared the dishes " is against common sense because he has a set of expensive tableware . 
0" he squeezed some lemonade from apples " is against common sense because lemonade can only be squeezed from lemons . " he squeezed some lemonade from apples " is against common sense because apples are red while lemons are yellow . " he squeezed some lemonade from apples " is against common sense because lemons are sourer than apples . 
1" he drank some hot water to cool down " is against common sense because hot water cools down as time pass by . " he drank some hot water to cool down " is against common sense because hot water adds extra heat in the human body . " he drank some hot water to cool down " is against common sense because only hot water is available winter . 
0" early in the morning he went out for dinner " is against common sense because the first meal people eat in the morning is called breakfast . " early in the morning he went out for dinner " is against common sense because people usually eat more for dinner than breakfast . " early in the morning he went out for dinner " is against common sense because he went out and exercised for a long time . 
0" she ate ice cream to relieve the pain " is against common sense because ice cream is not effective for pain . " she ate ice cream to relieve the pain " is against common sense because she wished to eat ice cream when she's in pain . " she ate ice cream to relieve the pain " is against common sense because ice cream melts quickly in hot days . 
0" the waiter paid the bill of a delicious meal " is against common sense because the guest ate the meal and therefore should pay for the meal . " the waiter paid the bill of a delicious meal " is against common sense because the guest ordered the meal but the waiter ate it . " the waiter paid the bill of a delicious meal " is against common sense because the waiter is generous . 
2" I love to drink soda of 20-year history " is against common sense because only soda is served at this 20-year history restaurant . " I love to drink soda of 20-year history " is against common sense because soda gives people a refreshing feeling . " I love to drink soda of 20-year history " is against common sense because soda must have expired after 20 years . 
2" as for lunch he took some pills " is against common sense because buns are soft while pills are hard . " as for lunch he took some pills " is against common sense because pills are smaller than buns . " as for lunch he took some pills " is against common sense because people don't eat medicine as meals . 
0" he brushed his teeth at school " is against common sense because people don't do washing outside home . " he brushed his teeth at school " is against common sense because he took a part in a play . " he brushed his teeth at school " is against common sense because he ate smelly food for lunch . 
1" his family drives a train to go on a trip " is against common sense because it takes a long time for a train to stop . " his family drives a train to go on a trip " is against common sense because people take trains of the country . " his family drives a train to go on a trip " is against common sense because the train is the only transportation to arrive at their destination . 
0" the desk is made of wool " is against common sense because wool is soft and resilient to damage . " the desk is made of wool " is against common sense because the desk is specially designed for kids . " the desk is made of wool " is against common sense because wool is usually white while wood has many colors . 
0" the carpet is made of wood " is against common sense because wood is uncomfortable to step on . " the carpet is made of wood " is against common sense because scientists found a new species of wood . " the carpet is made of wood " is against common sense because wood is a classic and popular element in decoration . 
1" shoes made of artificial leather are expensive " is against common sense because artificial leather suits different taste of the customer . " shoes made of artificial leather are expensive " is against common sense because it costs less to produce artificial leather . " shoes made of artificial leather are expensive " is against common sense because artificial leather protects wild animals . 
2" he came here tomorrow " is against common sense because there will be a meeting tomorrow . " he came here tomorrow " is against common sense because he didn't know the location . " he came here tomorrow " is against common sense because things of tomorrow haven't happened . 
0" rocks had fallen from beneath " is against common sense because rocks have mass so they naturally fall down . " rocks had fallen from beneath " is against common sense because rocks are everywhere on earth . " rocks had fallen from beneath " is against common sense because the shape of rock is irregular . 
2" she threw clean clothes into a washing machine " is against common sense because machine-washing is more efficient than hand-washing . " she threw clean clothes into a washing machine " is against common sense because she loves washing clothes . " she threw clean clothes into a washing machine " is against common sense because clean clothes don't need to be washed . 
0" people tell their future to the next generation " is against common sense because people don't foresee what's happening in the future . " people tell their future to the next generation " is against common sense because some people make up stories of their future . " people tell their future to the next generation " is against common sense because we believe some of our thoughts will come true in future . 
0" ancient people made tools of metal " is against common sense because ancient people didn't know about smelting . " ancient people made tools of metal " is against common sense because it's hard to recognize in ancient time . " ancient people made tools of metal " is against common sense because metals are extracted from all kinds of stones . 
1" I like to chase after bees " is against common sense because bees are smaller than butterflies . " I like to chase after bees " is against common sense because people don't chase after bees because bees bite . " I like to chase after bees " is against common sense because bees live in groups . 
1" he kicks a basketball on the ground " is against common sense because a basketball is heavier than a football . " he kicks a basketball on the ground " is against common sense because basketball is a sport playing with hands . " he kicks a basketball on the ground " is against common sense because basketball bounces on the ground . 
2" she read a fairy tale on the newspaper " is against common sense because it's hard to write a fairy tale than to write a column . " she read a fairy tale on the newspaper " is against common sense because newspaper doesn't have young readers . " she read a fairy tale on the newspaper " is against common sense because newspaper doesn't publish fairy tales . 
2" he put on his eyeglasses and listened to the radio " is against common sense because some people wear eyeglasses to look cool . " he put on his eyeglasses and listened to the radio " is against common sense because eyeglasses provide better sight nowadays . " he put on his eyeglasses and listened to the radio " is against common sense because eyeglasses don't make any sound . 
1" he ate cookies after going to bed " is against common sense because cookies are good resources of energy . " he ate cookies after going to bed " is against common sense because people don't eat when they are asleep . " he ate cookies after going to bed " is against common sense because cookies are sweet and many people like it . 
0" I opened my eyes and breathed heavily " is against common sense because people can't inhale or exhale with their eyes . " I opened my eyes and breathed heavily " is against common sense because air can't be seen by eyes . " I opened my eyes and breathed heavily " is against common sense because each person has two eyes . 
1" he married his dog " is against common sense because after his marriage the dog died . " he married his dog " is against common sense because a man usually marries a woman . " he married his dog " is against common sense because his dog was born in his house . 
0" he invited his girlfriend to his wedding " is against common sense because in a wedding a man will marry his girlfriend . " he invited his girlfriend to his wedding " is against common sense because his girlfriend is good at hosting a wedding . " he invited his girlfriend to his wedding " is against common sense because his girlfriend has never been invited to a wedding before . 
0" we need a month to get to the airport " is against common sense because airport within the city won't cost a month to reach . " we need a month to get to the airport " is against common sense because walking to the airport is quite slowly . " we need a month to get to the airport " is against common sense because the renovation of the airport took a month . 
2" the company starts offices all over the building " is against common sense because there's only one company has an office in this building . " the company starts offices all over the building " is against common sense because an office is started in this building . " the company starts offices all over the building " is against common sense because a room could not accommodate one office of a company . 
1" my family lives in a large box " is against common sense because I love to collect boxes at home . " my family lives in a large box " is against common sense because a box is too small for a family . " my family lives in a large box " is against common sense because box is necessary for our life . 
0" we said goodbye and met " is against common sense because people say goodbye when they apart . " we said goodbye and met " is against common sense because we often meet each other . " we said goodbye and met " is against common sense because I am not used to saying goodbye . 
2" I often walk my bag after dinner " is against common sense because my bag is very expensive so I protect it carefully . " I often walk my bag after dinner " is against common sense because people use bags to carry things . " I often walk my bag after dinner " is against common sense because a bag has no life and cannot walk . 
0" my arm hurts and it's very comfortable " is against common sense because when something hurts it won't be comfortable . " my arm hurts and it's very comfortable " is against common sense because I put my arm in a comfortable place . " my arm hurts and it's very comfortable " is against common sense because people remain in a comfortable position don't get hurt . 
0" I'm looking for a job as a mother " is against common sense because mother is not a job . " I'm looking for a job as a mother " is against common sense because I am a mother and take care of my baby . " I'm looking for a job as a mother " is against common sense because mothers also look for jobs . 
0" he got into his car and started to row " is against common sense because car won't start with the action of rowing . " he got into his car and started to row " is against common sense because he used to be a good sailor . " he got into his car and started to row " is against common sense because the sailor's car fell into the water but he managed to survive . 
2" running makes me feel full " is against common sense because it's unhealthy to eat before you run . " running makes me feel full " is against common sense because he ate a lot before after he ran . " running makes me feel full " is against common sense because running burns calories in food . 
1" she ate 30 hamburgers for lunch " is against common sense because hamburgers are expensive foods . " she ate 30 hamburgers for lunch " is against common sense because a normal stomach can't hold 30 hamburgers . " she ate 30 hamburgers for lunch " is against common sense because she is heavier than the total weight of 30s hamburgers . 
1" he rode a bike in the river " is against common sense because traffic in the river is good . " he rode a bike in the river " is against common sense because bikes don't float on the river . " he rode a bike in the river " is against common sense because the river is blue and it's his favorite color . 
2" he loves skating on water " is against common sense because it's interesting to go skating . " he loves skating on water " is against common sense because he drank water before he went skating . " he loves skating on water " is against common sense because water is liquid that people can't skate on . 
2" he started to work at the age of 2 " is against common sense because his sister started to work at an early age . " he started to work at the age of 2 " is against common sense because he was born in a poor family . " he started to work at the age of 2 " is against common sense because a two-year-old baby can't even take care of himself . 
0" there are sixty teachers in this class " is against common sense because a class doesn't need so many teachers . " there are sixty teachers in this class " is against common sense because several teachers retired recently . " there are sixty teachers in this class " is against common sense because a student often dreamed of being a teacher . 
0" she turned on the light to sleep " is against common sense because people usually sleep in the dark . " she turned on the light to sleep " is against common sense because she bought a new light in the bedroom . " she turned on the light to sleep " is against common sense because the light makes her want to sleep . 
1" the farmer planted corn on his head " is against common sense because the farmer became bald as he got older . " the farmer planted corn on his head " is against common sense because the head doesn't have enough space and nutrition to plant corn on . " the farmer planted corn on his head " is against common sense because he has a bigger head than people around him . 
0" leaves became green in autumn " is against common sense because leaves age and no longer stay green in autumn . " leaves became green in autumn " is against common sense because green leaves contain more water . " leaves became green in autumn " is against common sense because leaves are green in summer . 
0" we missed the first bus and had to take a taxi " is against common sense because there are many buses after the first bus . " we missed the first bus and had to take a taxi " is against common sense because taxi costs more than bus . " we missed the first bus and had to take a taxi " is against common sense because the first bus always carries a lot of people . 
2" she made me a cup of cookies " is against common sense because I brought her a beautiful cup with cookie patterns . " she made me a cup of cookies " is against common sense because she knew I love cookies . " she made me a cup of cookies " is against common sense because cups are not containers for cookies . 
2" I bought snakes from the supermarket " is against common sense because snakes dropped out of boxes in front of the supermarket . " I bought snakes from the supermarket " is against common sense because I raised a snake as a pet . " I bought snakes from the supermarket " is against common sense because snakes are not sold in a supermarket . 
1" the apple grew under the tree " is against common sense because apple will fall after it matures . " the apple grew under the tree " is against common sense because apple can't get water and nutrition under the tree . " the apple grew under the tree " is against common sense because it takes several months for apple to grow up and mature . 
0" food can be cooked in a van " is against common sense because van can't be heated as a food container . " food can be cooked in a van " is against common sense because the van driver is hungry . " food can be cooked in a van " is against common sense because the van is full of food . 
2" he wrote a dictionary yesterday " is against common sense because he found a mistake in the dictionary . " he wrote a dictionary yesterday " is against common sense because a dictionary is useful for learning languages . " he wrote a dictionary yesterday " is against common sense because dictionary requires a lot of work and can't be written in one day . 
2" he lost all his money in donating " is against common sense because he bet all his money with a donor and he lost . " he lost all his money in donating " is against common sense because he likes to participate in donating events . " he lost all his money in donating " is against common sense because people don't donate each coin they have . 
0" he brought an exhibit from the museum " is against common sense because exhibits are not for sale . " he brought an exhibit from the museum " is against common sense because he bought everything he likes . " he brought an exhibit from the museum " is against common sense because the exhibit is donated by him . 
1" he scored the losing goal " is against common sense because he made several scores before but they lost the game . " he scored the losing goal " is against common sense because a goal only makes the situation better . " he scored the losing goal " is against common sense because it's hard to score a goal . 
2" we will watch the game on the radio " is against common sense because we love watching football games . " we will watch the game on the radio " is against common sense because the award for the winner is a radio . " we will watch the game on the radio " is against common sense because radio is invisible . 
2" he fell asleep in the tree " is against common sense because the tree was planted by him . " he fell asleep in the tree " is against common sense because he hit his head on the tree and fell asleep . " he fell asleep in the tree " is against common sense because a tree is not suitable to sleep in . 
0" drivers should not drive when they are energetic " is against common sense because being energetic is a good condition for driving . " drivers should not drive when they are energetic " is against common sense because he drank too much energy drinks before driving . " drivers should not drive when they are energetic " is against common sense because people say he doesn't have much energy in driving . 
2" I woke up and found an elephant in my pajama " is against common sense because I woke up earlier this morning . " I woke up and found an elephant in my pajama " is against common sense because elephants don't wear pajamas . " I woke up and found an elephant in my pajama " is against common sense because pajama is too small to accommodate an elephant . 
1" the new product catches readers' ear " is against common sense because the new product cures earache . " the new product catches readers' ear " is against common sense because the ear can't see the new design, therefore, feel nothing about it . " the new product catches readers' ear " is against common sense because this product is an earphone . 
0" they reached the top and climbed the mountain " is against common sense because the goal of climbing a mountain is to reach the top . " they reached the top and climbed the mountain " is against common sense because they are all amateur mountaineers . " they reached the top and climbed the mountain " is against common sense because the mountain top they reached is the highest around the world . 
2" comb can cut hair " is against common sense because hair needs to be cut once in a while . " comb can cut hair " is against common sense because when people don't have comb they cut their hair . " comb can cut hair " is against common sense because a comb isn't sharp enough to cut hair . 
1" we were told to keep noisy in the library " is against common sense because it's quite noisy outside the library . " we were told to keep noisy in the library " is against common sense because people shouldn't be noisy in libraries . " we were told to keep noisy in the library " is against common sense because the library was reconstructed into a noisy club . 
0" the artist painted the handle to open the door " is against common sense because colors on the handle are of no use in opening the door . " the artist painted the handle to open the door " is against common sense because the handle on the door was broken . " the artist painted the handle to open the door " is against common sense because the artist wanted to enter the door of his studio . 
2" the security officer robbed the bank " is against common sense because the robbery happened during lunch break . " the security officer robbed the bank " is against common sense because the security officer called the police and they came as soon as possible . " the security officer robbed the bank " is against common sense because security officers stop other people from robbing banks . 
2" he passed the course three times " is against common sense because his professor assigned a lot of tasks for him . " he passed the course three times " is against common sense because he didn't get enough credits to graduate . " he passed the course three times " is against common sense because a course needs to be passed only once . 
1" he put the money into his hat " is against common sense because he spent all his money on a new hat . " he put the money into his hat " is against common sense because a hat is not a proper place to put money in . " he put the money into his hat " is against common sense because he has a hat collection and he put a lot of money on it . 
2" the new movie of the singer is released " is against common sense because a famous song may be picked as the theme song of a movie . " the new movie of the singer is released " is against common sense because the singer loves watching movies . " the new movie of the singer is released " is against common sense because people in a movie are called actors or actresses . 
2" the police officer kissed the robber in the leg " is against common sense because it's the international kissing day that day . " the police officer kissed the robber in the leg " is against common sense because the police officer kissed his wife before he went to work . " the police officer kissed the robber in the leg " is against common sense because the police officer won't have any intimacy with a robber . 
2" he saw a tiger at the hospital " is against common sense because the patient is injured by a tiger . " he saw a tiger at the hospital " is against common sense because the doctor wears a t-shirt with the pattern of a tiger . " he saw a tiger at the hospital " is against common sense because tigers shouldn't appear in public places like hospitals . 
1" he swam in the fish tank " is against common sense because he bought a new fish tank . " he swam in the fish tank " is against common sense because a fish tank is too small for a person to swim in . " he swam in the fish tank " is against common sense because once when he swam he saw fish by his side . 
0" he vowed to love her for the rest of day " is against common sense because a day is too short to make a vow . " he vowed to love her for the rest of day " is against common sense because they have been married for 50 years . " he vowed to love her for the rest of day " is against common sense because he got an incurable disease . 
0" he skipped the final exam to pass the course " is against common sense because people won't get grades to pass the course if they skip the exam . " he skipped the final exam to pass the course " is against common sense because he thought he would do well in the final exam . " he skipped the final exam to pass the course " is against common sense because he has failed this course twice . 
1" he felt depressed at the good news " is against common sense because he is the last one to know the good news . " he felt depressed at the good news " is against common sense because good news won't make people feel depressed . " he felt depressed at the good news " is against common sense because he told everyone the good news . 
0" the writer won an award for his new movie " is against common sense because a movie is not written but filmed . " the writer won an award for his new movie " is against common sense because his novel was adapted into a famous play . " the writer won an award for his new movie " is against common sense because the writer won many international awards . 
0" he took a photo of all human beings " is against common sense because it's hard to capture everyone on earth in one picture . " he took a photo of all human beings " is against common sense because he is a photographer . " he took a photo of all human beings " is against common sense because everyone loves his photos . 
0" thank you for your selfish action " is against common sense because selfish actions are bad behaviors that are not appreciated . " thank you for your selfish action " is against common sense because he has always been selfish and people got used to it . " thank you for your selfish action " is against common sense because he stepped forward and helped other people . 
1" the reporter awarded the Olympic champion " is against common sense because the champion and the reporter are good friends . " the reporter awarded the Olympic champion " is against common sense because reporters collect news and they don't award . " the reporter awarded the Olympic champion " is against common sense because Olympic champions are awarded specially designed medals . 
1" the impressive speech was interrupted by hiss " is against common sense because he is good at delivering impressive speeches . " the impressive speech was interrupted by hiss " is against common sense because hiss is made to bad presentations or expressions . " the impressive speech was interrupted by hiss " is against common sense because the outstanding speaker was hissed for his absence . 
2" he struggled to make his nightmare come true " is against common sense because he struggled to get some good sleep but always had nightmares . " he struggled to make his nightmare come true " is against common sense because last night he had several nightmares . " he struggled to make his nightmare come true " is against common sense because people tend to avoid things in nightmares happen . 
2" he changed his job due to high salary " is against common sense because people suggest that he change his job for a better salary . " he changed his job due to high salary " is against common sense because his friends got a higher salary than him . " he changed his job due to high salary " is against common sense because high salary attracts people to stick to their job . 
2" I got a stomachache and went to the dentist's " is against common sense because the dentist invited me to lunch . " I got a stomachache and went to the dentist's " is against common sense because he went to this dentist's every time something's wrong with his teeth . " I got a stomachache and went to the dentist's " is against common sense because dentists are usually not good at stomach diseases . 
0" it took 7 days to receive the email " is against common sense because email is fast to deliver messages . " it took 7 days to receive the email " is against common sense because it's a long email . " it took 7 days to receive the email " is against common sense because the email was forwarded by a third party . 
0" he ate a cake to celebrate her birthday " is against common sense because some of the cake should be eaten by the birthday star . " he ate a cake to celebrate her birthday " is against common sense because he loves eating cakes . " he ate a cake to celebrate her birthday " is against common sense because she invited him to come to her birthday party . 
1" he escaped the bullet and died " is against common sense because he was survived because there was no bullet in the gun . " he escaped the bullet and died " is against common sense because if the bullet misses, the target won't be injured . " he escaped the bullet and died " is against common sense because he was hit by the bullet and was survived because it's not very serious . 
1" the chalk read an interesting story to the students " is against common sense because the story is about a special chalk . " the chalk read an interesting story to the students " is against common sense because chalks are lifeless and unable to read anything . " the chalk read an interesting story to the students " is against common sense because students use chalk to write down interesting stories . 
2" the treasure is inherited from his descendants " is against common sense because his descendants found the treasure left by his ancestors . " the treasure is inherited from his descendants " is against common sense because his descendants fight to inherit his treasure . " the treasure is inherited from his descendants " is against common sense because treasure can only be inherited from people born earlier . 
1" he threw a plate for his dog to catch " is against common sense because he was angry at his dog so he threw a plate at it . " he threw a plate for his dog to catch " is against common sense because a plate is too fragile to play with a dog . " he threw a plate for his dog to catch " is against common sense because he threw some food in his dog's plate and it caught them all . 
1" she put off running shoes before jogging " is against common sense because she has two pairs of running shoes for jogging . " she put off running shoes before jogging " is against common sense because running shoes are necessary for jogging . " she put off running shoes before jogging " is against common sense because she found her running shoes broken . 
1" he continued to read the book to the first page " is against common sense because the book he read has many pages . " he continued to read the book to the first page " is against common sense because pages come later have larger page numbers . " he continued to read the book to the first page " is against common sense because the book was read many times and the first page's gone . 
0" students like it when teachers let them go later " is against common sense because longer school time leads to more homework and less free time . " students like it when teachers let them go later " is against common sense because the students are so noisy and the teacher couldn't finish in time . " students like it when teachers let them go later " is against common sense because most students came late so the teacher asked them to go later . 
1" the big hand on a watch shows the day " is against common sense because his watch had two digital bits to show the day . " the big hand on a watch shows the day " is against common sense because a day is too long to be shown by hand on watches . " the big hand on a watch shows the day " is against common sense because the big hand on the watch walked more slowly than the small hand . 
2" he maintained balance and fell to the ground " is against common sense because he fell to the ground and stood up again in balance . " he maintained balance and fell to the ground " is against common sense because maintaining balance can be really tiring . " he maintained balance and fell to the ground " is against common sense because when people maintain the balance they will stay still . 
1" he bought his new coat at the grocery store " is against common sense because the owner of the grocery store wore a coat . " he bought his new coat at the grocery store " is against common sense because a coat is not sold in grocery stores . " he bought his new coat at the grocery store " is against common sense because he went to buy vegetables with his new coat on . 
2" the traffic light turned white from red " is against common sense because the traffic light has a weak power supply . " the traffic light turned white from red " is against common sense because the pedestrian in front of the traffic light was blind . " the traffic light turned white from red " is against common sense because white is not a color of traffic lights . 
2" she smells terrible after a shower " is against common sense because the water is terribly hot today . " she smells terrible after a shower " is against common sense because she hadn't been taken any shower for 5 days and she smells terrible . " she smells terrible after a shower " is against common sense because when people have a shower they wish to have a better smell . 
0" he put on a t-shirt and go skiing " is against common sense because a t-shirt is too thin to withstand skiing weather . " he put on a t-shirt and go skiing " is against common sense because he found a t-shirt on the way of skiing . " he put on a t-shirt and go skiing " is against common sense because he has no other clothes left before he went skiing . 
1" he received many complaints at his birthday party " is against common sense because he works as support staff and listened to the complaints from customers . " he received many complaints at his birthday party " is against common sense because complaints annoy people, which should not happen at a birthday party . " he received many complaints at his birthday party " is against common sense because many people invited didn't come to his birthday party . 
2" he surfed the sea to check his email " is against common sense because he received an email from his friend to invite him to surf the sea . " he surfed the sea to check his email " is against common sense because he brought his laptop to the beach . " he surfed the sea to check his email " is against common sense because checking email requires an internet connection . 
1" I gave him some review on his future career " is against common sense because he made plans of future career based on my review of his past career . " I gave him some review on his future career " is against common sense because to review is to look back and summary . " I gave him some review on his future career " is against common sense because A thorough review is helpful for future plan . 
1" she planted a tree in her bedroom " is against common sense because she planted many flowers in her bedroom . " she planted a tree in her bedroom " is against common sense because a bedroom can be too small for a tree to grow . " she planted a tree in her bedroom " is against common sense because she is good at planting trees . 
1" the policeman put the witness in jail " is against common sense because the witness is asked to testify face to face . " the policeman put the witness in jail " is against common sense because jail is for those who violate the law and witness identifies those who violate the law . " the policeman put the witness in jail " is against common sense because the witness once committed a crime . 
1" he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks " is against common sense because he printed out the wrong form which has too many blanks . " he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks " is against common sense because blank has nothing on it so it can't be crossed out . " he printed out the form and crossed out the blanks " is against common sense because he printed out the form and filled in the wrong text . 
0" the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land " is against common sense because turtles breed by laying eggs and protect them . " the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land " is against common sense because the land is going to be flooded and the eggs will be washed away . " the turtle broke the eggs it laid on land " is against common sense because turtles break their eggs when the environment is not suitable . 
2" the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster " is against common sense because the shipowner commanded to go faster when he felt the wind . " the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster " is against common sense because an unpowered ship won't move without wind . " the shipowner adjusted the wind to go faster " is against common sense because wind can't be controlled by human beings . 
2" he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke " is against common sense because smoking is forbidden here so he extinguished his cigarette . " he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke " is against common sense because he only smoked half the cigarette before he extinguished it . " he extinguished the cigarette and began to smoke " is against common sense because to smoke the cigarette needs to keep burning . 
1" the bride got a bouquet after the wedding " is against common sense because she made the bouquet herself . " the bride got a bouquet after the wedding " is against common sense because brides use bouquet to pass their luck to bridesmaids . " the bride got a bouquet after the wedding " is against common sense because no bridesmaid managed to catch the bouquet . 
2" she put her earrings back to the seasoning box " is against common sense because she wore this pair of earrings when she bought the seasoning box . " she put her earrings back to the seasoning box " is against common sense because she forgot to take off her earring before she cooks . " she put her earrings back to the seasoning box " is against common sense because seasoning box is for seasoning but not earrings . 
1" a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly " is against common sense because I brought from home to work today . " a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly " is against common sense because meal break is the only time when workers are allowed to eat . " a short lunch break from work makes me eat slowly " is against common sense because eating slowly is good for our health . 
0" every time I wrote a reply when he received my letter " is against common sense because usually the one receives the letter write the reply . " every time I wrote a reply when he received my letter " is against common sense because it took so long for him to receive the letter . " every time I wrote a reply when he received my letter " is against common sense because I didn't agree with what he said in the reply` . 
1" they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage " is against common sense because the couple is not satisfied with their wedding . " they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage " is against common sense because people usually don't marry the one they are not satisfied with . " they were not satisfied with each other and got a marriage " is against common sense because their parents are not satisfied with their marriage . 
2" the waiter gave him a bill to order food " is against common sense because he thought there's something wrong with the bill . " the waiter gave him a bill to order food " is against common sense because he was still hungry after eating the food he ordered . " the waiter gave him a bill to order food " is against common sense because bill shows the dishes that have been ordered . 
0" he lit a torch to see in the daytime " is against common sense because there's sunlight in the daytime so a torch is of no use . " he lit a torch to see in the daytime " is against common sense because the weather was cloudy during daytime . " he lit a torch to see in the daytime " is against common sense because he forgot to extinguish the torch . 
1" I put all my stuff in the drawer to travel " is against common sense because I don't have too much stuff with me . " I put all my stuff in the drawer to travel " is against common sense because drawer is too small and inconvenient to carry around . " I put all my stuff in the drawer to travel " is against common sense because I found that I left in the drawer before departure . 
0" he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair " is against common sense because blow dryer is of no use to dry hair . " he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair " is against common sense because he was wearing a hat before he washed his hair . " he used a blow dryer before he washed his hair " is against common sense because the blow dryer he used before was broken . 
1" he used chopsticks to eat soup " is against common sense because a chopstick fell into the soup bowl . " he used chopsticks to eat soup " is against common sense because soup is liquid but chopsticks are used for solid food . " he used chopsticks to eat soup " is against common sense because he was learning how to use chopsticks . 
1" DVD can be used to search for information " is against common sense because he inserted the DVD into his computer . " DVD can be used to search for information " is against common sense because DVD is a storage medium that has no function of searching . " DVD can be used to search for information " is against common sense because he searched the DVD that has the information he needs . 
1" I ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow " is against common sense because the watermelon was ripe and its peel turned yellow . " I ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow " is against common sense because watermelon has red juice . " I ate watermelon and my teeth turned yellow " is against common sense because I forgot to brush my teeth after I ate a watermelon . 
1" she took off socks and washed her hands " is against common sense because she used hands to take off her socks . " she took off socks and washed her hands " is against common sense because socks are for feet . " she took off socks and washed her hands " is against common sense because the hands were washed because they held smelly socks before . 
2" the cow jumped over the moon and escaped " is against common sense because the cow jumped the highest among all the cows on the farm . " the cow jumped over the moon and escaped " is against common sense because the cow was determined to escape no matter what it costs . " the cow jumped over the moon and escaped " is against common sense because cows can't jump as high as the size of the moon . 
0" he left her a lot of bills in his will " is against common sense because people leave valuable things in their will . " he left her a lot of bills in his will " is against common sense because he won't be able to pay off the bills . " he left her a lot of bills in his will " is against common sense because the bills are all under her name . 
2" the little girl squatted and rang the bell " is against common sense because the bell was broken by the little girl . " the little girl squatted and rang the bell " is against common sense because after she rang the bell she squatted to pretend there's no one at the door . " the little girl squatted and rang the bell " is against common sense because a bell is usually high on the door and difficult for a girl to reach . 
0" he stretched out on the economy class of the flight " is against common sense because economy class is the cheapest with no enough space to stretch out . " he stretched out on the economy class of the flight " is against common sense because he could only afford the ticket of economy class . " he stretched out on the economy class of the flight " is against common sense because it's important to stretch out after a long-trip flight . 
2" he walked through the railway to another room " is against common sense because the railway passes by the window of the room . " he walked through the railway to another room " is against common sense because he set up a toy railway in the room . " he walked through the railway to another room " is against common sense because the railway connects rail stations . 
1" the ground was covered with sugar overnight " is against common sense because a truck carrying sugar fell over . " the ground was covered with sugar overnight " is against common sense because sugar don't fall from the sky . " the ground was covered with sugar overnight " is against common sense because a huge amount of sugar was made last night . 
0" the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table " is against common sense because a garden is too big to be put on a table . " the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table " is against common sense because the tablecloth has the pattern of flowers in a garden . " the garden of flowers is in the middle of the table " is against common sense because the table is moved into the garden for a picnic . 
2" Tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday " is against common sense because Tom is an interviewer . " Tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday " is against common sense because Tom applied for a job as a pajama seller and there's an interview yesterday . " Tom wore pajamas for a job interview yesterday " is against common sense because a job interview is a serious occasion and pajamas are too casual . 
1" she put the guitar on the top of the mountain " is against common sense because she is a famous guitarist . " she put the guitar on the top of the mountain " is against common sense because the mountain is not a proper place to put a guitar . " she put the guitar on the top of the mountain " is against common sense because she played a piece of guitar music on the top of the mountain . 
2" he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep " is against common sense because he couldn't sleep after eating fake sleeping pills . " he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep " is against common sense because he forgot to eat his sleeping pills . " he ate some sleeping pills in order not to fall asleep " is against common sense because sleeping pills help you sleep quickly . 
1" she got a good grade after a semester of hard study " is against common sense because she always gets a good grade in her study each semester . " she got a good grade after a semester of hard study " is against common sense because good grade can't be achieved in a short time . " she got a good grade after a semester of hard study " is against common sense because this semester she wasn't the 1st prize . 
1" her new song was popular on the theater screen " is against common sense because she loves to go to the movie theater . " her new song was popular on the theater screen " is against common sense because a theater doesn't play a song . " her new song was popular on the theater screen " is against common sense because the singer was invited to play a part in the movie . 
2" it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming " is against common sense because when the new year came in a country, some other countries are already 6 o'clock . " it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming " is against common sense because the new year festival started at 6 o'clock . " it's 6 o'clock and the new year is coming " is against common sense because each day doesn't start at 6 o'clock . 
1" the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree " is against common sense because the bird has been on this tree for a long time and it always builds a nest here . " the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree " is against common sense because nests on the ground will be easily damaged . " the bird built a nest on the bottom of the tree " is against common sense because there are many nests on the tree . 
0" she turned on the radio and the room became bright " is against common sense because a radio can't emit light . " she turned on the radio and the room became bright " is against common sense because the radio played some bright music . " she turned on the radio and the room became bright " is against common sense because music from the radio echoed in the room . 
1" he used a surfboard to surf the internet " is against common sense because he surfed the internet to buy a surfboard . " he used a surfboard to surf the internet " is against common sense because the internet is virtual so it can't be surfed with a surfboard . " he used a surfboard to surf the internet " is against common sense because a video of him surfing on a surfboard was uploaded to the internet . 
1" he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down " is against common sense because the accelerator on the car was broken so the car slowed down . " he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down " is against common sense because an accelerator is a device to speed the car up . " he pressed the accelerator to slow the car down " is against common sense because the car in front of his car slowed down . 
1" I remember they built a snowman last summer " is against common sense because last summer they printed the picture of the snowman they built . " I remember they built a snowman last summer " is against common sense because to build a snowman people need snow, which won't occur in summer . " I remember they built a snowman last summer " is against common sense because in summer, they were planning to build a snowman this year . 
1" he found he had more money after he paid the bill " is against common sense because after he had paid the bill they split it . " he found he had more money after he paid the bill " is against common sense because paying the bill uses his money so he can't have more . " he found he had more money after he paid the bill " is against common sense because he got his salary the day he paid the bill . 
2" she walked to the gas station to refuel her car " is against common sense because her husband walked to the gas station for a ride later . " she walked to the gas station to refuel her car " is against common sense because when her car was being refueled she walked around the gas station . " she walked to the gas station to refuel her car " is against common sense because people refuel the oil tank in the car so the car needs to be driven to the gas station . 
0" after one day of exercise he became strong " is against common sense because the condition of strong requires a long time to achieve . " after one day of exercise he became strong " is against common sense because he exercised for a whole day yesterday . " after one day of exercise he became strong " is against common sense because when he was at the gym the people around him are all strong . 
2" he folded his umbrella when it started to rain " is against common sense because he likes rainy days . " he folded his umbrella when it started to rain " is against common sense because he bought a new umbrella today and he cherished it a lot . " he folded his umbrella when it started to rain " is against common sense because when umbrellas are folded they don't provide shelter from the rain . 
0" she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food " is against common sense because vegetarians also need food to live . " she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food " is against common sense because a vegetarian can have different degrees of severity . " she is a vegetarian and refuses to eat food " is against common sense because she became a vegetarian this year . 
0" he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there " is against common sense because cola is a kind of drink and has nothing to do with the power of a car . " he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there " is against common sense because he found cola very refreshing when he drove to work . " he ran out of cola while driving to work so he walked there " is against common sense because he wanted to drink cola so he walked to a store to buy it . 
2" mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft " is against common sense because he wanted to be an assembly work after he retires from his work as a pilot . " mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft " is against common sense because he flew the aircraft after the aircraft is assembled . " mark is a pilot and he assembled an aircraft " is against common sense because a pilot is usually not in charge of the assembling work . 
2" jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper " is against common sense because he wanted the message to be delivered as soon as possible . " jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper " is against common sense because he didn't have a piece of paper to write on . " jim wrote a message with a finger on a piece of paper " is against common sense because a finger doesn't contain any color ink . 
1" the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse " is against common sense because the airport is in a rat disaster . " the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse " is against common sense because businessmen are not good at catching a mouse especially at the airport . " the businessman went to the airport to catch a mouse " is against common sense because flights were unavailable because of a mouse bit the wire of the airport . 
0" he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet " is against common sense because feet aren't at the end of your arms . " he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet " is against common sense because he is confident that he will catch the ball with his feet . " he stretched his arms and caught the ball with his feet " is against common sense because his friend passed him a football . 
0" the difference between the twins' birth time is one day " is against common sense because a pair of twins are delivered one by one closely and a day is too long . " the difference between the twins' birth time is one day " is against common sense because a pair of twins usually celebrate their birthday in one day . " the difference between the twins' birth time is one day " is against common sense because the next day the nurse found they forgot to record the twins' birth time . 
0" he found enough evidence to commit a crime " is against common sense because evidence are not used to commit a crime . " he found enough evidence to commit a crime " is against common sense because as one of the group which committed a crime he helped find some evidence . " he found enough evidence to commit a crime " is against common sense because he decided to commit a crime but he forgot one important evidence . 
2" jim cut his finger with the soap " is against common sense because soap helps clean the wound on his finger . " jim cut his finger with the soap " is against common sense because he cut his finger when he was trying to cut the soap . " jim cut his finger with the soap " is against common sense because soap is not sharp enough to cut one's finger . 
1" tina told her dog to clean the apartment " is against common sense because tina told her dog not to mess up the apartment but it didn't understand . " tina told her dog to clean the apartment " is against common sense because a dog isn't good at cleaning an apartment . " tina told her dog to clean the apartment " is against common sense because tina told her daughter to take the dog away while she was cleaning her apartment . 
2" jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic " is against common sense because the bad breath he had is worse than a bad breath caused by garlic . " jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic " is against common sense because he loves to eat garlic . " jack had bad breath so he ate a garlic " is against common sense because garlic will cause bad breath after people eat it . 
1" susan cleaned her room and she had more trash " is against common sense because trash inspired her to clean her room . " susan cleaned her room and she had more trash " is against common sense because to clean a room is to sweep the dirt and get rid of trash . " susan cleaned her room and she had more trash " is against common sense because susan collected the trash thrown everywhere and put them in the trash can . 
0" he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant " is against common sense because hot pot is not served as fast food . " he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant " is against common sense because he's still hungry after a meal of hot pot . " he ate hot pot at a fast food restaurant " is against common sense because he is a frequent guest of the fast food restaurant . 
2" he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat " is against common sense because he went to a gym so that he could be inspired by other people who are working out . " he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat " is against common sense because he wanted to lose weight . " he felt hungry and went to a gym to eat " is against common sense because a gym doesn't serve any food and people eat before they work out . 
0" he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home " is against common sense because a dog and a mouse don't infringe each other . " he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home " is against common sense because he suspected that the mouse was attracted by the leftover of their dog's meal . " he suspected there was a mouse in the garage so he brought a dog home " is against common sense because the dog regarded the garage as his home and defended its territory . 
2" as a geographer he created the Earth's surface " is against common sense because he was doing research on how the Earth's surface is created . " as a geographer he created the Earth's surface " is against common sense because he created a new way of describing the Earth's surface . " as a geographer he created the Earth's surface " is against common sense because Earth is created through billions of years . 
1" joe stole some money from his own pocket " is against common sense because he put the money he stole in his own pocket . " joe stole some money from his own pocket " is against common sense because to take money from one's own pocket is not stealing . " joe stole some money from his own pocket " is against common sense because the money in his pocket was stolen . 
0" the child looked down to find stars in the sky " is against common sense because for a people on earth the stars are above our eye level . " the child looked down to find stars in the sky " is against common sense because he had a book about stars in the sky . " the child looked down to find stars in the sky " is against common sense because the meteor shower fell out of his horizon . 
1" he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun " is against common sense because he tried to suicide with a gun . " he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun " is against common sense because doctors helped us when we are in mental or physical illness . " he felt like suiciding and the doctor lent him a gun " is against common sense because people are not allowed to use a gun to hurt anyone . 
1" tom watched fictions on magazines " is against common sense because the fiction was the original idea of the tv series . " tom watched fictions on magazines " is against common sense because fictions are published on books . " tom watched fictions on magazines " is against common sense because the tv was on but he was reading magazines . 
1" john got up early to take a good rest " is against common sense because he got up early to rest at work . " john got up early to take a good rest " is against common sense because to take a good rest one should sleep long enough . " john got up early to take a good rest " is against common sense because john slept early last night to take a good rest . 
0" susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call " is against common sense because if a phone is disconnected it will not ring . " susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call " is against common sense because the quality of the call was terrible so she disconnected the phone to restart . " susan disconnected the phone to wait for another call " is against common sense because there won't be another call today . 
2" she bent her eyebrows to jump up " is against common sense because her fake eyebrows will bend if she moves a little . " she bent her eyebrows to jump up " is against common sense because she's so happy to jump up that her eyebrows bent . " she bent her eyebrows to jump up " is against common sense because people use their leg to jump up, not their eyebrows . 
2" anne dropped a waterfall on the floor " is against common sense because the waterfall is as high as a 20-floor building . " anne dropped a waterfall on the floor " is against common sense because anne blocked the sink and a small waterfall formed . " anne dropped a waterfall on the floor " is against common sense because a waterfall falls from the cliff of a mountain . 
1" the experienced singer captain the ship " is against common sense because the captain of the ship invited the experienced singer to perform . " the experienced singer captain the ship " is against common sense because a singer doesn't know how to lead on a ship . " the experienced singer captain the ship " is against common sense because the singer hired a ship to go on vacation . 
1" he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell " is against common sense because magnifier is made of glass that has a special curve . " he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell " is against common sense because a magnifier isn't accurate enough to observe a cell . " he looked through a magnifier to observe a cell " is against common sense because he was interested in biology experiments like observing a cell . 
2" he put on his shoes to see well enough " is against common sense because the shoes he put on are good enough on this occasion . " he put on his shoes to see well enough " is against common sense because he can't see his shoes well enough to put them on . " he put on his shoes to see well enough " is against common sense because shoes are worn on the feet and have nothing to do with eyes . 
2" josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach " is against common sense because walking along the beach is like stepping into a new world . " josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach " is against common sense because josh found a huge number of seashells on the beach . " josh stepped into a seashell when he walked along the beach " is against common sense because seashell isn't big enough for josh to step into . 
0" he walked barefoot over broken glass " is against common sense because if people walk barefoot they are fragile to sharp things . " he walked barefoot over broken glass " is against common sense because after he passed barefoot the glass was broken . " he walked barefoot over broken glass " is against common sense because the glass has a pattern of broken effect on it . 
0" jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises " is against common sense because people can talk or keep silent when they do some exercises . " jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises " is against common sense because jefferson was speaking too loudly that many people asked him to shut up . " jefferson forgot to shut up before he did some exercises " is against common sense because people tend to grit their teeth when they exert their maximum strength . 
1" he received a degree from his family " is against common sense because receiving a degree is for the next level of learning . " he received a degree from his family " is against common sense because a degree is granted from a professional institution and family is not one . " he received a degree from his family " is against common sense because everyone in his family received at least a bachelor degree . 
0" james liked his car for a long time everyday " is against common sense because the emotion of like doesn't have an accurate time period . " james liked his car for a long time everyday " is against common sense because james bought his new car recently . " james liked his car for a long time everyday " is against common sense because his car has been broken for a long time . 
0" tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle " is against common sense because drakes don't provide friction to stop the wheels . " tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle " is against common sense because tony rode his bicycle to drive his drakes to the corner . " tony used his drakes to stop his bicycle " is against common sense because tony stopped his bicycle when someone asked about his drake . 
1" she found eagles at the bottom of the sea " is against common sense because eagles dive into the shallow sea to catch fish . " she found eagles at the bottom of the sea " is against common sense because eagles are birds that can't live in the sea . " she found eagles at the bottom of the sea " is against common sense because the boat "Eagles" sunk to the bottom of the sea . 
1" he used his id card to pay the bill " is against common sense because he left his id card at the restaurant after he paid the bill . " he used his id card to pay the bill " is against common sense because id card's only value is to identify someone . " he used his id card to pay the bill " is against common sense because he forgot to bring his wallet so he deposited his id card . 
0" he is the first man born on the moon " is against common sense because environment on the moon is not suitable for the human being to live . " he is the first man born on the moon " is against common sense because he was born to be the son of the first man who's been to the moon . " he is the first man born on the moon " is against common sense because he said he was born for a career of an astronaut . 
2" joe slept on a banana peel " is against common sense because eating too many bananas makes people want to sleep . " joe slept on a banana peel " is against common sense because he ate a banana before he went to sleep . " joe slept on a banana peel " is against common sense because a banana peel is too small for a person to sleep on . 
1" the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast " is against common sense because newborn monkey can't digest a banana . " the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast " is against common sense because banana is a fruit grown on banana tree . " the newborn monkey drinks banana from its mother's breast " is against common sense because the newborn monkey stick to its mother's breast when offered banana . 
1" carrots make rabbits sick " is against common sense because when rabbits get a cold they still need food like carrots . " carrots make rabbits sick " is against common sense because rabbits eat carrots as their major food . " carrots make rabbits sick " is against common sense because carrots grow in the ground . 
0" josh thought of an idea and wrote a history " is against common sense because history must have happened rather than . " josh thought of an idea and wrote a history " is against common sense because the idea josh thought of was highly praised in the history . " josh thought of an idea and wrote a history " is against common sense because josh had a special idea of the cover of this history book . 
0" jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket " is against common sense because driving too fast is dangerous and always punished . " jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket " is against common sense because jane drove fast to arrive at the movie theater in time or the ticket would be expired . " jane drove so fast that she got a movie ticket " is against common sense because jane played a role in a movie where she drove fast . 
2" jack ignored his sick friend to check on her " is against common sense because jack checked on his sick friend but ignored her reply . " jack ignored his sick friend to check on her " is against common sense because she forgot that her friend is ill . " jack ignored his sick friend to check on her " is against common sense because to check on someone one ill must contact him/her . 
0" he got punished by the boss because of his hard work " is against common sense because people who work hard shouldn't be punished . " he got punished by the boss because of his hard work " is against common sense because his colleagues don't like him for his hard work paid off . " he got punished by the boss because of his hard work " is against common sense because his hard work uncovered many bad behaviors and the boss punished many employees . 
1" a boat floated in the bowl " is against common sense because this was a cargo ship full of bowls . " a boat floated in the bowl " is against common sense because a bowl is too small for a boat to float . " a boat floated in the bowl " is against common sense because the boat sunk but the bowls on it floated . 
2" fred turned up the capacity of the radio " is against common sense because fred turned up the capacity of his desk so he can put a radio on it . " fred turned up the capacity of the radio " is against common sense because the radio broadcast a way to turn up the capacity of one's home . " fred turned up the capacity of the radio " is against common sense because a radio can't hold other things . 
1" alex drove the van into the lake " is against common sense because alex found his old van and broken . " alex drove the van into the lake " is against common sense because a van can't run on a lake . " alex drove the van into the lake " is against common sense because alex got out of the van without pulling the handbrake . 
2" frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop " is against common sense because the owner of the grocery shop was broken so he sold all his jewelry . " frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop " is against common sense because frank put all his jewelry in an empty can brought from the grocery shop . " frank brought a can of jewelry from the grocery shop " is against common sense because jewelry are not sold in a grocery shop and they are not sold in a can . 
0" mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party " is against common sense because a dancing party is not a good place to show off one's watch . " mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party " is against common sense because she led a life of selling the pretty watch . " mary wore a pretty watch to the dancing party " is against common sense because she talked about her pretty watch with her partner at the dancing party . 
2" tom fell and broke his heart " is against common sense because tom fell in love with his ex-girlfriend . " tom fell and broke his heart " is against common sense because his girlfriend broke up with him and his heart was broken . " tom fell and broke his heart " is against common sense because breaking one's heart is about emotion . 
1" he ate his chopsticks with chop suey " is against common sense because chop sticks are made of wood while chop suey is made of vegetables and meat . " he ate his chopsticks with chop suey " is against common sense because chop suey is a dish while chopsticks are tools to eat . " he ate his chopsticks with chop suey " is against common sense because it's hard to eat chopsticks while it's easy to eat chop suey . 
0" the shower curtain tastes good " is against common sense because shower curtains are made of plastic . " the shower curtain tastes good " is against common sense because he ate something tastes good behind the shower curtain . " the shower curtain tastes good " is against common sense because there are many food pictures printed on the shower curtain . 
2" jamie served delicious food on a laptop " is against common sense because jamie learned to cook with his laptop . " jamie served delicious food on a laptop " is against common sense because he showed many pictures of delicious food on his lap top . " jamie served delicious food on a laptop " is against common sense because laptop can't be a container of actual things . 
0" he wrote a letter on tv " is against common sense because tv doesn't have a function of writing a letter . " he wrote a letter on tv " is against common sense because a tv series played that he wrote a letter . " he wrote a letter on tv " is against common sense because he put the paper on tv and wrote a letter . 
1" judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth " is against common sense because she held the earpick between her teeth to free her hands . " judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth " is against common sense because an earpick is not designed for teeth . " judy used an earpick to clean between her teeth " is against common sense because judy bought a new earpick and it's quite expensive . 
1" suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday " is against common sense because suzie's parents gave her a huge amount of money . " suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday " is against common sense because people usually receive on their birthdays . " suzie bought her parents a new car for her birthday " is against common sense because suzie drove her new car to her parents' to celebrate her birthday . 
0" lily hid behind a hair " is against common sense because a hair is too thin for lily to hide behind . " lily hid behind a hair " is against common sense because lily was discovered because of her hair . " lily hid behind a hair " is against common sense because lily hid her hair behind a wig . 
1" she opened the shower curtain when she woke up " is against common sense because she took a shower in the morning . " she opened the shower curtain when she woke up " is against common sense because shower curtain is not for shielding light during the night . " she opened the shower curtain when she woke up " is against common sense because she's too tired to take a shower so she slept early . 
2" lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend " is against common sense because he promised his girlfriend that he'll never have an affair . " lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend " is against common sense because his girlfriend caught him having an affair . " lewis was having an affair with his girlfriend " is against common sense because the relationship between a couple is not an affair . 
2" hats expose the head to sun and rain " is against common sense because if the hat is gone, the head will be exposed to sun and rain . " hats expose the head to sun and rain " is against common sense because hats sell well when there's sun or rain . " hats expose the head to sun and rain " is against common sense because hats function as a shelter for heads . 
2" jack handed a word to her " is against common sense because jack told her what the word means . " jack handed a word to her " is against common sense because jack was angry and he has a word with her . " jack handed a word to her " is against common sense because a word can't be handed without writing it down . 
1" he lent me some bills " is against common sense because he lent me some money to pay the bills . " he lent me some bills " is against common sense because bills need to be paid and are non-borrowable . " he lent me some bills " is against common sense because he gave me the bill because I've borrowed from him . 
0" I gave him the key to break the door " is against common sense because a key is used to open a door safely . " I gave him the key to break the door " is against common sense because he couldn't find the door . " I gave him the key to break the door " is against common sense because he found the pattern on the door annoying . 
1" lucy drank some tea to serve the guest " is against common sense because the guest didn't like the tea lucy made . " lucy drank some tea to serve the guest " is against common sense because tea is for the guest to drink . " lucy drank some tea to serve the guest " is against common sense because it's the first time the guest came to lucy's . 
2" paul has a picture taken with two Americas " is against common sense because paul has been to America twice . " paul has a picture taken with two Americas " is against common sense because every time paul went to America he took a picture . " paul has a picture taken with two Americas " is against common sense because America is too big to be in the same picture with a man . 
0" the boss made him do hard work all year " is against common sense because an employee needs some rest after a while . " the boss made him do hard work all year " is against common sense because he is the best employee of the year . " the boss made him do hard work all year " is against common sense because more work hours lead to a higher salary . 
1" I heard her singing in the next city " is against common sense because she works as a singer in the next city . " I heard her singing in the next city " is against common sense because it's impossible for a human voice to pass that far . " I heard her singing in the next city " is against common sense because I'm going to go to her concert in the next city . 
0" I could hear the rain pattered through the window " is against common sense because the rain won't make any sound if they pass through the window . " I could hear the rain pattered through the window " is against common sense because I forgot to close the window before I went to bed . " I could hear the rain pattered through the window " is against common sense because I love rainy days . 
0" my boyfriend grew me some roses on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because couple send and receive mature roses on Valentine's Day . " my boyfriend grew me some roses on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because my boyfriend told me that he didn't love me any more on Valentine's Day . " my boyfriend grew me some roses on Valentine's Day " is against common sense because my boyfriend owns a farm planted full of roses . 
2" chris lived at the bus stop " is against common sense because chris always goes to work by bus . " chris lived at the bus stop " is against common sense because chris' house is near to the bus stop . " chris lived at the bus stop " is against common sense because bus stop can't accommodate anyone . 
2" our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study " is against common sense because we were told how to correct mistakes in study . " our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study " is against common sense because our teacher became angry if we made many mistakes . " our teacher told us to make more mistakes in the study " is against common sense because to make mistake is not good in study . 
0" she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party " is against common sense because a cloth can't be worn for any occasion . " she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party " is against common sense because beautiful cloth can be material for beautiful clothes . " she made a beautiful cloth for the dinner party " is against common sense because the dinner party had a beautiful tablecloth . 
0" the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor " is against common sense because using a machine is to replace labor . " the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor " is against common sense because we spent a lot of money on the auto machine . " the advanced auto machine will cost us a lot of labor " is against common sense because the advanced auto machine was broken soon . 
0" his success is due to his poor work " is against common sense because a poor work will not be thought highly of . " his success is due to his poor work " is against common sense because he succeeded in improving his poor work . " his success is due to his poor work " is against common sense because despite some of his poor works, other outstanding works led him to success . 
0" he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam " is against common sense because students are not allowed to discuss during an exam . " he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam " is against common sense because he is the best student in his class . " he turned to his teacher for a question in the exam " is against common sense because this was an open book exam . 
1" he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents " is against common sense because he found his parents strict with him . " he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents " is against common sense because people's parents naturally want them to be successful . " he tried hard to succeed to frustrate his parents " is against common sense because his parents told him it's important to lead a happy life . 
1" adults are not allowed to drink beer " is against common sense because this restaurant doesn't serve beer . " adults are not allowed to drink beer " is against common sense because adults are old enough to decide whether they want to drink beer . " adults are not allowed to drink beer " is against common sense because adults will become drunk if they drink too much beer . 
2" people became ignorant after they read the news " is against common sense because ignorant people don't usually read the news . " people became ignorant after they read the news " is against common sense because some of the news can be fake . " people became ignorant after they read the news " is against common sense because people learn from what happened in the world . 
2" caroline asked her dog a name " is against common sense because caroline was asked to change the name of her dog . " caroline asked her dog a name " is against common sense because carioline asked her friends if they have any good name for her dog . " caroline asked her dog a name " is against common sense because a dog can't answer any question . 
2" he prevented the car from going on the road " is against common sense because there's something wrong with the car so he pulls over it . " he prevented the car from going on the road " is against common sense because he found a lot of traffic on the road so he decided not to drive . " he prevented the car from going on the road " is against common sense because the road is for cars to go on . 
2" franklin is dancing in the choir " is against common sense because singer franklin found dancing very interesting . " franklin is dancing in the choir " is against common sense because his dancing show was after the choir's show . " franklin is dancing in the choir " is against common sense because a choir has several singers and performs singing . 
0" Fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket " is against common sense because a shopping list is a reminder of things to buy . " Fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket " is against common sense because she lost her shopping list at the supermarket after she left . " Fiona wrote a shopping list after she went to the supermarket " is against common sense because she forgot to buy items on her shopping list . 
2" police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency " is against common sense because we turn to police officers for help when we are in an emergency . " police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency " is against common sense because police officers use donuts to relieve their stress after emergency . " police officers enjoy eating donuts in an emergency " is against common sense because police officers don't eat anything when they are handling emergencies . 
0" jill wrote a book with monsters " is against common sense because monsters don't write as human do . " jill wrote a book with monsters " is against common sense because the book is about jill and the monsters . " jill wrote a book with monsters " is against common sense because jill was so devoted to his book that other people saw him as a monster . 
0" she flew on a fly abroad " is against common sense because a fly is too small to be a transportation . " she flew on a fly abroad " is against common sense because she found a fly on her way abroad . " she flew on a fly abroad " is against common sense because the fly is of a foreign species . 
2" we talked too much that we all puked later " is against common sense because the topic of our conversation is about food . " we talked too much that we all puked later " is against common sense because we talked too much at the dinner table . " we talked too much that we all puked later " is against common sense because conversations don't cause puke . 
1" tucker overdosed on candy " is against common sense because tucker's medicine was replaced with candy . " tucker overdosed on candy " is against common sense because eating too much candy is not overdosing . " tucker overdosed on candy " is against common sense because tucker ate candy to resist withdrawal reaction . 
1" he got dirty after he bought the house " is against common sense because he decided to decorate the house himself after he bought the house . " he got dirty after he bought the house " is against common sense because buying a house doesn't make you dirty . " he got dirty after he bought the house " is against common sense because the construction worker bought the house he built . 
1" Ariel wanted to surprise Beth by calling her a puppy " is against common sense because Ariel found Beth's lost puppy and it's a big surprise to her . " Ariel wanted to surprise Beth by calling her a puppy " is against common sense because calling someone puppy won't make him feel surprised . " Ariel wanted to surprise Beth by calling her a puppy " is against common sense because Ariel called Beth that he will give her his puppy . 
1" larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting " is against common sense because larry presented his new design at the meeting . " larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting " is against common sense because a meeting doesn't hold in water . " larry put his swimsuit on for the meeting " is against common sense because larry felt comfortable in his swimsuit . 
2" he put an apple in his mouth " is against common sense because an apple a day, keeps the doctor away . " he put an apple in his mouth " is against common sense because he failed to show off his big mouth . " he put an apple in his mouth " is against common sense because eating an apple requires a few mouthfuls . 
2" he printed a stamp on the letter " is against common sense because the glue for stamps is used up . " he printed a stamp on the letter " is against common sense because he forgot to write address on the letter . " he printed a stamp on the letter " is against common sense because a printed stamp made the letter undeliverable . 
1" alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster " is against common sense because although he ate lobster for lunch, alfred still want some snacks . " alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster " is against common sense because a drive-thru only serves fast food . " alfred stopped at the drive-thru for a lobster " is against common sense because alfred stopped at the drive-thru with his car full of lobsters . 
1" on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats " is against common sense because on the day of the concert, we ate very early . " on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats " is against common sense because concert seldom hold in the dining hall . " on the day of the concert, we went to the dining hall very early for seats " is against common sense because we met at the dining hall and set out to the concert . 
2" they bought paper made of steel " is against common sense because the paper is cut by a steel arm . " they bought paper made of steel " is against common sense because the steel company needed a lot of paper for trade records . " they bought paper made of steel " is against common sense because steel is not a good material for paper . 
1" they hung out at the meeting room " is against common sense because the boss told them to relax during the meeting . " they hung out at the meeting room " is against common sense because meeting room doesn't provide entertainment . " they hung out at the meeting room " is against common sense because they were present but their minds were absent . 
2" joey used a mop to dry himself " is against common sense because joey found his towel used as a mop . " joey used a mop to dry himself " is against common sense because joey was lying on the floor . " joey used a mop to dry himself " is against common sense because mop is used to absorb water from the floor . 
2" wildfires are controlled by street fighters " is against common sense because the wildfires spread to the house of street fighters . " wildfires are controlled by street fighters " is against common sense because street fighters are the victims of the arson . " wildfires are controlled by street fighters " is against common sense because street fighters don't know how to put out a fire . 
2" honey can understand each other's dancing " is against common sense because the honey is so sweet that he danced after he tasted it . " honey can understand each other's dancing " is against common sense because people love to dance with their honey . " honey can understand each other's dancing " is against common sense because honey is inanimate and can't dance . 
2" he looked at the watch worn on his waist " is against common sense because he found his watchband used the same material as his waistband . " he looked at the watch worn on his waist " is against common sense because when he was standing he felt his watch rubbing his waist . " he looked at the watch worn on his waist " is against common sense because a watch is too small to be worn on one's waist . 
0" sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild " is against common sense because sleeping pills only make people feel sleepy . " sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild " is against common sense because after eating sleeping pills he dreamed of himself feeling warm in the wild . " sleeping pills keep him warm in the wild " is against common sense because he put sleeping pills in the fire to keep him warm in the wild . 
1" a secret is something that everyone knows " is against common sense because he told the secret to each person he knew . " a secret is something that everyone knows " is against common sense because people don't usually tell the secret to everyone . " a secret is something that everyone knows " is against common sense because everyone was wondering what the secret was . 
0" he ate too much that his fart was sweet " is against common sense because no fart has a good smell . " he ate too much that his fart was sweet " is against common sense because he ate too many sweet things like candy . " he ate too much that his fart was sweet " is against common sense because he found his fart overshadowed the sweet of the food . 
1" he chewed his food without swallowing " is against common sense because he found the food too hot for him to swallow . " he chewed his food without swallowing " is against common sense because food won't enter our stomach without swallowing . " he chewed his food without swallowing " is against common sense because the more people chew, the better the food tastes . 
1" he brought his gum for the hunt " is against common sense because he spitted the gum before he left . " he brought his gum for the hunt " is against common sense because gum is of no use in a hunt . " he brought his gum for the hunt " is against common sense because swallowing gum is bad for ourselves . 
1" the yard was wet after several days of sunshine " is against common sense because the yard is very big . " the yard was wet after several days of sunshine " is against common sense because sunshine brings energy to dry the yard . " the yard was wet after several days of sunshine " is against common sense because sunshine makes people feel comfortable . 
0" the ship sailed across the iced waters of the Atlantic " is against common sense because a ship can't sail across the ice . " the ship sailed across the iced waters of the Atlantic " is against common sense because the temperature is getting lower and lower . " the ship sailed across the iced waters of the Atlantic " is against common sense because in the Atlantic the water was cold all year round . 
2" the ship turned sharply to get a collision " is against common sense because there was something wrong with the helmsman of the ship . " the ship turned sharply to get a collision " is against common sense because the ship has been through several collision . " the ship turned sharply to get a collision " is against common sense because a ship may sink after a collision . 
1" the artist added more melodies on his painting " is against common sense because the artist drew some melody sighs on his painting . " the artist added more melodies on his painting " is against common sense because melodies are elements in music . " the artist added more melodies on his painting " is against common sense because his peer commented that his painting missed something . 
1" he found a bat to play soccer " is against common sense because he was annoyed that he hit the soccer with his bat . " he found a bat to play soccer " is against common sense because bat is not used in a soccer game . " he found a bat to play soccer " is against common sense because the ball stuck on the tree so he used a bat to reach it . 
2" peter is walking on the river of the bank " is against common sense because there is a river alongside the bank . " peter is walking on the river of the bank " is against common sense because peter found himself good at walking . " peter is walking on the river of the bank " is against common sense because a bank doesn't have a river and a person can't walk on a river . 
0" the student attended several lectures to teach different professors " is against common sense because a student doesn't find ways to teach professors on purpose . " the student attended several lectures to teach different professors " is against common sense because he was confident that he would enjoy himself in all these lectures . " the student attended several lectures to teach different professors " is against common sense because the university allowed students to attend different lectures . 
2" all the guest of the party sat onto the cake " is against common sense because all the guests sat on a seat to eat cake . " all the guest of the party sat onto the cake " is against common sense because since there were many guests at the party they bought many cakes . " all the guest of the party sat onto the cake " is against common sense because cakes are too soft to be a seat . 
2" mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money " is against common sense because mia found she didn't have much to eat at home so she bought more groceries than before . " mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money " is against common sense because mia brought her coupon to get a discount at the grocery store . " mia got a discount on her groceries so she spent more money " is against common sense because a discount means you don't spend more money than the prices of your groceries . 
2" the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside " is against common sense because most parts of the world were dark before the sun rose . " the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside " is against common sense because every day the sun rises from the east . " the sun is rising and it's getting dark outside " is against common sense because the sun brings light that dispels the darkness . 
1" the conversation is at the beginning so I hung up the phone " is against common sense because I didn't know how to hang up the phone . " the conversation is at the beginning so I hung up the phone " is against common sense because having a conversation over phone requires someone the hold the phone . " the conversation is at the beginning so I hung up the phone " is against common sense because we were having a happy conversation over the phone . 
2" a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood " is against common sense because it rained heavily and the canal flooded . " a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood " is against common sense because a canal was constructed to prevent the farmland from flood . " a canal was constructed next to the farmland for flood " is against common sense because a flood is bad for farm products to grow . 
1" the skydiver glided safely to the seabed " is against common sense because the skydiver didn't find a place to land . " the skydiver glided safely to the seabed " is against common sense because a skydiver can't glide in the sea . " the skydiver glided safely to the seabed " is against common sense because he is good at swimming . 
1" after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine " is against common sense because the vaccine played an effect slowly on babies . " after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine " is against common sense because the vaccine helped the baby to be immune to the disease . " after becoming immune to the disease the baby received the vaccine " is against common sense because the vaccine expired before it was injected to the baby . 
2" todd opened the window to let the fresh air out " is against common sense because todd recently bought an air purifier at his home . " todd opened the window to let the fresh air out " is against common sense because fresh air is good for todd's health . " todd opened the window to let the fresh air out " is against common sense because most fresh air comes from outside . 
1" the dog chased the cat up the tree " is against common sense because the dog waited under the tree . " the dog chased the cat up the tree " is against common sense because dogs don't know how to climb a tree . " the dog chased the cat up the tree " is against common sense because cats are good at climbing trees . 
2" jane painted a chair and sat on it " is against common sense because the chair was a birthday gift and jane likes it very much . " jane painted a chair and sat on it " is against common sense because jane painted the chair blue . " jane painted a chair and sat on it " is against common sense because a painted chair needs some time to dry . 
1" lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant " is against common sense because he used to be a vegetarian but now he prefers a heathy lifestyle . " lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant " is against common sense because vegetarian restaurant only serves vegetarian food . " lily ordered a steak at a vegetarian restaurant " is against common sense because the owner of the vegetarian restaurant loves steak . 
2" he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes " is against common sense because some clothes only have small or medium sizes . " he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes " is against common sense because he wanted to lose weight to be fit . " he wanted to lose weight to fit into future clothes " is against common sense because future clothes don't have a fixed size . 
1" there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill " is against common sense because the view on the top of the hill is splendid . " there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill " is against common sense because a cattle can be strong but not splendid . " there is a huge, splendid cattle standing on the top of the hill " is against common sense because even a huge cattle doesn't look big from the top of the hill . 
0" he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet " is against common sense because cash of one million dollars can't be put in a wallet . " he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet " is against common sense because he just cashes one million dollars from the bank . " he found cash of one million dollars in his wallet " is against common sense because it's inconvenient to bring money in the pocket so he bought a new wallet . 
2" he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it " is against common sense because when he came back he found his car at a different place with a notification of towing fee . " he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it " is against common sense because he was a new driver who just got his driver's license . " he parked his car in the wrong place so he was asked to sell it " is against common sense because people who park illegally won't be punished to sell the car . 
2" sally hatched some eggs for the Christmas eggnog " is against common sense because sally bought a hatcher recently . " sally hatched some eggs for the Christmas eggnog " is against common sense because some of the eggs prepared for Christmas eggnog were hatched . " sally hatched some eggs for the Christmas eggnog " is against common sense because eggs hatched will become chicken which can't be used for eggnog . 
0" cindy said she was too good to go to school " is against common sense because if a student feels good he should go to school . " cindy said she was too good to go to school " is against common sense because cindy said many students in her school are not feeling good . " cindy said she was too good to go to school " is against common sense because cindy wanted to go to school on her own . 
2" the old man was praised for littering in public " is against common sense because he didn't realize that the rubbish he held fall off his hand . " the old man was praised for littering in public " is against common sense because someone picked up the litter he threw in public . " the old man was praised for littering in public " is against common sense because people won't be praised for bad behavior in public . 
0" jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely " is against common sense because when people lose weight they become slim . " jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely " is against common sense because jones bought some clothes of larger size . " jones gained some weight and his clothes fit loosely " is against common sense because jones wore less because he had a stronger body . 
0" he left his dog in his office when he headed for work " is against common sense because when people work they are usually in their office so the dog is not left . " he left his dog in his office when he headed for work " is against common sense because his dog loved to stay in his office . " he left his dog in his office when he headed for work " is against common sense because he got a promotion at work . 
2" the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station " is against common sense because the government planned to build more aircraft roadways this year . " the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station " is against common sense because the old facilities in the train station need to be rebuilt . " the government built an aircraft roadway in the train station " is against common sense because aircraft roadway only allows planes to take off and land . 
1" the girl licked her fur carefully " is against common sense because the girl had a pet and she liked her very much . " the girl licked her fur carefully " is against common sense because the surface of a girl's body is skin . " the girl licked her fur carefully " is against common sense because girls often take good care of their skin . 
1" to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed " is against common sense because sofa of the modern times can be converted into a bed easily . " to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed " is against common sense because bugs are usually small and they don't need a bed for human . " to accommodate the bugs he converted the sofa into a bed " is against common sense because when he has a fight with his wife he always accommodates himself in his sofa . 
1" my hands are tired because I have been standing up all day " is against common sense because after standing up all day I use my hands to massage myself . " my hands are tired because I have been standing up all day " is against common sense because people don't use hands to stand up . " my hands are tired because I have been standing up all day " is against common sense because sometimes I'm so tired that I have to hold something in my hands to keep standing up . 
0" joanna made a pot of chill for dinner " is against common sense because chill is about temperature or feeling so it's not edible . " joanna made a pot of chill for dinner " is against common sense because to resist chill he made himself a hot dinner . " joanna made a pot of chill for dinner " is against common sense because eating dinner alone makes joanna feel chill . 
1" penguins are fish that cannot fly " is against common sense because fish generally don't fly . " penguins are fish that cannot fly " is against common sense because penguins belong to a kind of bird . " penguins are fish that cannot fly " is against common sense because penguins are used to live in cold places like Antarctica . 
0" I attend a class in the principal room " is against common sense because the principal room can only contain a small number of people . " I attend a class in the principal room " is against common sense because the principal taught a class I attended . " I attend a class in the principal room " is against common sense because in the middle of a class I was called to the principal room . 
0" one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot " is against common sense because pilots are not allowed to bring their moods to work . " one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot " is against common sense because if there was a flight delay the pilot may be anxious too . " one of the common reasons for flight delay is the mood of the pilot " is against common sense because there are many reasons can cause a flight delay so it's quite common . 
1" in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes " is against common sense because the wind was so strong that he couldn't hold the shoes he just bought . " in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes " is against common sense because wind usually doesn't blow off your shoes . " in windy days everyone had to hold onto their shoes " is against common sense because in windy days people find their shoes easily soiled . 
2" after cooking I put the plate in the sink " is against common sense because I found plates not enough so I washed several used plates in the sink . " after cooking I put the plate in the sink " is against common sense because I washed the dishes right after everyone finished their meal . " after cooking I put the plate in the sink " is against common sense because plates are used to contain food . 
1" the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather " is against common sense because the boy was proud of the novel he wrote . " the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather " is against common sense because a blind person doesn't need louder sounds to hear clearly . " the boy read the novel aloud to his blind grandfather " is against common sense because he didn't know some of the pronunciations in the novel . 
0" after a long time of walking my foot went numb " is against common sense because walking accelerates the blood circulation in the foot . " after a long time of walking my foot went numb " is against common sense because I tried to avoid a numb lifestyle so I started walking . " after a long time of walking my foot went numb " is against common sense because during the walking I listened to Numb in a single loop . 
1" the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled " is against common sense because the kids were unhappy so the photographer had to tease the kid again . " the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled " is against common sense because a photographer usually takes photos of people having positive emotions . " the photographer skipped the moment when the kids smiled " is against common sense because the photographer forgot to press the shutter button at the perfect moment . 
0" I slipped on the cracked floor " is against common sense because cracked floor has greater friction than a flat floor . " I slipped on the cracked floor " is against common sense because I fell down and cracked several tiles . " I slipped on the cracked floor " is against common sense because the tiles used for my floor are of poor quality . 
0" the bar closed early because it was crowded " is against common sense because a popular bar doesn't close early . " the bar closed early because it was crowded " is against common sense because the receptionist limited the number of new guests into the bar . " the bar closed early because it was crowded " is against common sense because there was a kind of wine most guests don't like . 
0" he got pulled over by the police when he was parking " is against common sense because parking is an action of stopping one's car . " he got pulled over by the police when he was parking " is against common sense because he parked the car in the wrong parking place . " he got pulled over by the police when he was parking " is against common sense because police on this street was strict to drivers passing by . 
2" the kid was spoiled and ran away from home " is against common sense because the kid grew up to be a spoiled man . " the kid was spoiled and ran away from home " is against common sense because the kid was asked to buy some eggs from the nearby grocery store . " the kid was spoiled and ran away from home " is against common sense because if a kid was spoiled he was likely to stay in this comfortable situation . 
2" bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch " is against common sense because he forgot what to do at a certain time today . " bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch " is against common sense because bosh realized he forgot to bring his watch when he looked at his wrist . " bosh realized he forgot something when he looked at his watch " is against common sense because a watch is used to record time and people look at their watch for the time . 
1" the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron " is against common sense because the lonely patron forgot how much he drank that night . " the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron " is against common sense because many people went to the bar on their own for a drink . " the bartender refused to serve the lonely patron " is against common sense because the bartender didn't go to work today . 
2" the student received detention for his excellent grades " is against common sense because he suggestion on the form of the exam was received . " the student received detention for his excellent grades " is against common sense because several teachers reviewed his paper and confirmed the good grades . " the student received detention for his excellent grades " is against common sense because students who get good grades don't get punished . 
0" a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark " is against common sense because a train on a bridge can still receive the sunlight . " a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark " is against common sense because it's getting late and the train conductor drew the curtain . " a train went through a bridge and the inside of it went dark " is against common sense because the bridge is long, it even took the train a while to go through . 
0" the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish " is against common sense because hiding in the shell is a way to protect itself . " the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish " is against common sense because the shell expanded as the turtle grew up . " the turtle hid in its shell to hunt a fish " is against common sense because the shell of the turtle has a beautiful, symmetric pattern . 
0" the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister " is against common sense because an elder sister usually wear clothes of larger sizes . " the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister " is against common sense because their family led a simple life . " the girl handed down her clothes to her elder sister " is against common sense because the sisters have similar tastes when it comes to the clothes . 
1" the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off " is against common sense because the police received a bomb extortion message from the terrorist . " the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off " is against common sense because to set a bomb off is to make the explosion happen . " the bomb was defused when the terrorist set it off " is against common sense because the terrorist placed a suicide bomb on himself . 
0" the food he dropped was cooked by his dog " is against common sense because a dog doesn't know how to cook . " the food he dropped was cooked by his dog " is against common sense because he dropped a recipe on the floor and his dog saw it . " the food he dropped was cooked by his dog " is against common sense because he often shares his food with his dog . 
1" the book was deemed inappropriate for human " is against common sense because some parts of the book were deemed inappropriate . " the book was deemed inappropriate for human " is against common sense because books are created for human to read . " the book was deemed inappropriate for human " is against common sense because the book was a best seller despite some comments said it's inappropriate for some readers . 
2" the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time " is against common sense because the driver was on the wrong lane so he had to make a wrong turn . " the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time " is against common sense because the driver just got on the way today . " the driver made a wrong turn and the trip took a shorter time " is against common sense because a wrong turn usually cost a driver more time to come back . 
2" after I replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead " is against common sense because the flashlight was broken so I replaced it with a new one . " after I replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead " is against common sense because I replaced rechargeable batteries in the flashlight . " after I replaced the batteries the flashlight was dead " is against common sense because new batteries provide power to make the flashlight on . 
2" I scratched my skin to relieve scar " is against common sense because my skin was sensitive to scratch and even touch . " I scratched my skin to relieve scar " is against common sense because my scar recovered soon as I restrained myself not to scratch it . " I scratched my skin to relieve scar " is against common sense because scratch causes a scar on human skin . 
2" the burglar broke into my house without calling me up " is against common sense because my friend called to remind me to be cautious about burglars . " the burglar broke into my house without calling me up " is against common sense because when the burglar was at my house the phone rang . " the burglar broke into my house without calling me up " is against common sense because a burglar doesn't call before his theft . 
0" jason held the door for the woman entering before him " is against common sense because he didn't have to hold the door for someone passing before him . " jason held the door for the woman entering before him " is against common sense because jason held the door and waited for the woman to enter before him . " jason held the door for the woman entering before him " is against common sense because jason was a security guard who patrolled near the door . 
2" the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup " is against common sense because after she applied her makeup she was fascinated by herself in the mirror . " the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup " is against common sense because she was so drunk that she applied her lipstick on the mirror . " the mirror in the bathroom fogged up after she applied her makeup " is against common sense because a mirror in the bathroom got fogged up usually because the air is humid and warm . 
1" the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior " is against common sense because the security guard stopped him and found weapons underneath his clothes . " the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior " is against common sense because a security guard won't let anyone who's behaving strangely pass easily . " the security guard let the man pass for his sneaky behavior " is against common sense because his sneaky behavior under the surveillance camera caught the attention of the security guard . 
0" the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted " is against common sense because the steering wheel controls the direction of the car . " the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted " is against common sense because the car halted suddenly and the driver bumped into the steering wheel . " the driver rotated the steering wheel and the car halted " is against common sense because it's dangerous for a driver to leave his hands off the steering wheel . 
2" my shirt was tidy so I ironed it " is against common sense because my iron has been around for a long time and it's not working any more . " my shirt was tidy so I ironed it " is against common sense because I followed the instruction when I ironed my shirt . " my shirt was tidy so I ironed it " is against common sense because to iron clothes is to make them tidy . 
1" the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home " is against common sense because the patient is incapable of any action so the hospital sent an ambulance to his home . " the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home " is against common sense because a hospital aims to help people no matter how bad the situation is . " the patient is getting worse so the hospital sent him home " is against common sense because the patient is getting worse but the hospital never gives up the slightest hope . 
2" we found no seats in the theater so we sat down " is against common sense because the theater hasn't opened so we sat down on the steps in front of the theater . " we found no seats in the theater so we sat down " is against common sense because we found our tickets lost when we arrived at the theater . " we found no seats in the theater so we sat down " is against common sense because people are not allowed to sit on places other than seats . 
0" the woman received an admission after she graduated " is against common sense because after admission a student needs to gain several credits to graduate . " the woman received an admission after she graduated " is against common sense because she decided to apply for further study after she graduated . " the woman received an admission after she graduated " is against common sense because the admission letter said that it usually takes a student 3 years to graduate . 
2" emily came upon a river on the sidewalk " is against common sense because she fell into the river while walking on the sidewalk by the river . " emily came upon a river on the sidewalk " is against common sense because emily lived in a village next to a river . " emily came upon a river on the sidewalk " is against common sense because a river is too big to be on a sidewalk . 
0" she covered her ears at the smelly smoke " is against common sense because people can't sense any smell with their ears . " she covered her ears at the smelly smoke " is against common sense because she was tired of her husband's excuses for smoking . " she covered her ears at the smelly smoke " is against common sense because the smelly smoke irritated her eyes and she couldn't stop crying . 
2" the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor " is against common sense because each comedian had fixed time for his show . " the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor " is against common sense because the audience couldn't get the comedian's joke very well . " the audience booed the comedian off the stage for his humor " is against common sense because the audience liked a comedian with a sense of humor . 
1" the coach gave the referee a high five " is against common sense because the referee gave the coach a foul for his inappropriate move . " the coach gave the referee a high five " is against common sense because a referee doesn't usually interact with a coach . " the coach gave the referee a high five " is against common sense because when his team won they coach gave a high five to his assistant . 
2" bob said my breath smelled of garlic so I wiped my mouth " is against common sense because after eating some garlic with bob, I wiped my mouth . " bob said my breath smelled of garlic so I wiped my mouth " is against common sense because bob reminded me of my smelly breath . " bob said my breath smelled of garlic so I wiped my mouth " is against common sense because a breath came from inside the mouth . 
1" alex was lost so he drew a map " is against common sense because he followed his map but he couldn't find a way out . " alex was lost so he drew a map " is against common sense because a lost man can't draw a map . " alex was lost so he drew a map " is against common sense because alex lost his map and he was lost soon . 
2" tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door " is against common sense because tina was on a test of driver license . " tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door " is against common sense because tina forgot the door was still open when she started the car . " tina pushed the gas pedal to open the car door " is against common sense because gas pedal controls the oil tank of the car . 
0" sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered " is against common sense because if evidence is discovered the truth will be discovered . " sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered " is against common sense because after sarah was sentenced to jail new evidence of her committing the crime was discovered . " sarah got away with the crime because new evidence was discovered " is against common sense because sarah managed to destroy the evidence that would level up the punishment . 
2" I wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off " is against common sense because the brand name of the tissue was printed on the tissue . " I wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off " is against common sense because the book had a long history and the cover of it was almost illegible . " I wiped the book with a tissue and the words on the cover came off " is against common sense because words are printed on books and they will not be wiped off . 
2" the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in " is against common sense because when he was accused of chewing gum in class he pretended that he swallowed it in . " the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in " is against common sense because chewing gum in the class is seen as a disrespect to the teacher . " the student chewing gum in class was forced to swallow it in " is against common sense because gum is indigestible so people usually don't swallow it . 
2" jane brought her ID so she was denied entrance into the bar " is against common sense because jane was told that her ID has been used for the entrance into the bar . " jane brought her ID so she was denied entrance into the bar " is against common sense because jane realized that she didn't bring her ID and she went back home to bring it . " jane brought her ID so she was denied entrance into the bar " is against common sense because people should be allowed to enter a bar with their ID . 
0" a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it " is against common sense because a crater formed when a larger substance comes into contact with a smaller substance . " a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it " is against common sense because a comet passed by the moon which has a lot of craters on it . " a comet passed by the moon and a crater formed on it " is against common sense because each year many comets pass by the moon and some of them create craters on it . 
2" the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation " is against common sense because the foundation announced to the public the list of the names of all the benefactors . " the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation " is against common sense because the more he contributes to charity, the higher the reputation he would gain . " the benefactor requested to stay anonymous to maintain his reputation " is against common sense because to maintain one's reputation he should use his real name in charity . 
1" janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face " is against common sense because janice put on makeup to make her look prettier than before . " janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face " is against common sense because a smile is a natural expression so it shouldn't be ashamed of . " janice felt ashamed of the smile on her face " is against common sense because she is a lively girl with a smile on her face every time she sees other people . 
0" the x-ray showed that his arm was painted " is against common sense because an x-ray can't detect people's skin . " the x-ray showed that his arm was painted " is against common sense because his arm was plastered and many of his friends painted on it . " the x-ray showed that his arm was painted " is against common sense because while he was waiting outside the x-ray room he picked up a paint book and read it . 
2" the boy filled the bucket with air " is against common sense because the bucket had a hole on its bottom . " the boy filled the bucket with air " is against common sense because the boy was trying to create a vacuum in the bucket . " the boy filled the bucket with air " is against common sense because air is everywhere so it's already in a bucket . 
2" taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience " is against common sense because taylor didn't know how to disassemble or assemble a computer . " taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience " is against common sense because taylor recovered some old files he deleted before on the computer . " taylor downgraded her computer hardware for a better experience " is against common sense because an older version of computer hardware is usually less efficient . 
1" after a religious awakening she began to travel around " is against common sense because when she was travelling around temples and churches she suddenly had a religious awakening . " after a religious awakening she began to travel around " is against common sense because travelling around is not a sign of religion . " after a religious awakening she began to travel around " is against common sense because her mother suggested her to travel around instead of following her religious awakening . 
1" I threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered " is against common sense because I decided to lock the drawers shut to avoid unnecessary contents . " I threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered " is against common sense because it was unnecessary contents that made the drawers cluttered . " I threw away some unnecessary contents and the drawers became cluttered " is against common sense because I threw away some broken drawers and the remaining contents made other drawers cluttered . 
2" the student flaunted his test grade to his pets " is against common sense because the student didn't have many friends in the class . " the student flaunted his test grade to his pets " is against common sense because it's the first time that the student got the best grade . " the student flaunted his test grade to his pets " is against common sense because someones pets don't understand his show-off . 
1" the boy felt homesick at his parent's " is against common sense because the boy was growing up and he would like to travel around the world despite the so called homesick . " the boy felt homesick at his parent's " is against common sense because homesick is a longing for one's home during the absence from it . " the boy felt homesick at his parent's " is against common sense because his parents decided to send him abroad for a further study . 
1" she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky " is against common sense because the designer of the rocket was very excited when it flew up into the sky . " she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky " is against common sense because a rocket requires some time to be assembled . " she designed a rocket and then it flew up into the sky " is against common sense because when she saw a rocket fly up into the sky she was wondering how it was designed . 
2" the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up " is against common sense because the boy murmured because he felt what his mother said was reasonable . " the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up " is against common sense because the boy was having a quarrel with his mother and they spoke loudly to each other . " the boy murmured his reply when his mother told him to speak up " is against common sense because to murmur is to make a soft and indistinct sound . 
2" he put the tree he just bought into the vase " is against common sense because the vase has a beautiful pattern of trees on it . " he put the tree he just bought into the vase " is against common sense because he picked the flowers under the tree and put them into the vase . " he put the tree he just bought into the vase " is against common sense because a tree is too large to be put into a vase . 
0" the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman " is against common sense because blush is from inside while lipstick needs to be applied . " the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman " is against common sense because he blushed when he saw the beautiful color of her lipstick . " the lipstick on his cheek implied he blushed in front of a woman " is against common sense because no one believed the color on his cheek was blush instead of lipstick . 
2" the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish " is against common sense because he followed the instruction in the weather forecast and put the seeds in the soil . " the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish " is against common sense because the gardener plowed the ground thoroughly before he put seeds in it . " the gardener put seeds in the soil to make his plants flourish " is against common sense because seed grow at a normal rate in soil without additives . 
2" the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary " is against common sense because unsanitary water usually causes a block in the pipe . " the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary " is against common sense because the pipe was a sewer that usually passes dirty water . " the pipe burst because the water was unsanitary " is against common sense because the effect of dirty water is the same as clean water . 
2" the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews " is against common sense because the company spent some money to bribe consumers for more positive reviews . " the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews " is against common sense because some of the consumers commented bad reviews deliberately . " the company lost money due to its positive consumer reviews " is against common sense because positive consumer reviews lead to more buyers therefore increase the sales . 
2" ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist " is against common sense because ben ate too much sugar recently . " ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist " is against common sense because his dentist refused to see ben for ben had skipped several appointments without informing him . " ben woke up with a toothache so he skipped an appointment with his dentist " is against common sense because if he skipped the appointment with his dentist his toothache may not relieve . 
2" the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee " is against common sense because the referee couldn't continue his job so the committee replaced him . " the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee " is against common sense because the referee was accidentally injured when the players were sprinting for the ball . " the team lost the game due to the injury of the referee " is against common sense because a referee didn't play for any side of the game . 
0" children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated " is against common sense because animated movies are usually for kids . " children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated " is against common sense because it's time for children to go to bed so they are not allowed to watch the movie . " children are not allowed to watch the movie because it's animated " is against common sense because animated movies are becoming popular in recent years . 
0" paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1 " is against common sense because an important email shouldn't be deleted because the information would disappear . " paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1 " is against common sense because the mailbox tagged the ad email as an important email . " paul deleted the email for it's an important emailfalse : 1 " is against common sense because he forgot the password of his email so he applied to find it with his phone number . 
2" the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam " is against common sense because he corrected the mistake in his answer and therefore he got a better grade . " the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam " is against common sense because the student was suspected of cheating in the exam due to his unusual good grade . " the student's grade was higher for the incorrect answer on the exam " is against common sense because each answer was worth several points and if it's incorrect, the points will be subtracted . 
2" the toddler started crying with his favorite toy " is against common sense because the parents sorted the toys according to the toddler's mood with them . " the toddler started crying with his favorite toy " is against common sense because his favorite toy was broken . " the toddler started crying with his favorite toy " is against common sense because the toy one liked most would please him . 
0" monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up " is against common sense because the top of a slide is usually the tallest place on the slide . " monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up " is against common sense because monica was having a lot of fun that she crawled up again once she reached the bottom of the slide . " monica pushed herself off the top of the slide and crawled up " is against common sense because she found another kid sitting on the bottom of the slide . 
0" humans fly in the sky " is against common sense because humans do not have wings . " humans fly in the sky " is against common sense because humans are usually larger than birds . " humans fly in the sky " is against common sense because the sky is generally blue . 
1" he eats a table for dinner " is against common sense because table does not taste good . " he eats a table for dinner " is against common sense because people cannot eat table . " he eats a table for dinner " is against common sense because a table is usually green . 
2" I write with a comb " is against common sense because comb can comb my hair . " I write with a comb " is against common sense because pencils are made of lead . " I write with a comb " is against common sense because comb cannot leave a mark on the paper . 
2" he peels an apple with cotton " is against common sense because cotton is usually light . " he peels an apple with cotton " is against common sense because cotton is white . " he peels an apple with cotton " is against common sense because cotton is not sharp enough . 
2" I enjoy dancing shows in radio " is against common sense because radio is usually a cube . " I enjoy dancing shows in radio " is against common sense because you can adjust the volume of the radio . " I enjoy dancing shows in radio " is against common sense because radios do not have screens . 
2" Strikes will bring convenience to people's lives " is against common sense because Going on strike only take a few minutes . " Strikes will bring convenience to people's lives " is against common sense because Going on strike don't need too many people . " Strikes will bring convenience to people's lives " is against common sense because Strikes sometimes paralyze many living facilities . 
0" you give objects when you go shopping " is against common sense because sellers are usually the one who give objects . " you give objects when you go shopping " is against common sense because Shopping usually requires money . " you give objects when you go shopping " is against common sense because No transaction is required when shopping . 
2" he runs errands to spend money " is against common sense because running errands need lots of time . " he runs errands to spend money " is against common sense because people may be reluctant to run errands . " he runs errands to spend money " is against common sense because You usually get paid for running errands . 
1" If you want to get a question, you will use a calculator " is against common sense because the calculator is hard to manipulate . " If you want to get a question, you will use a calculator " is against common sense because people only use the calculator to get an answer when they have a question . " If you want to get a question, you will use a calculator " is against common sense because Calculators can handle complex operations . 
1" You will sleep more if you want to get somewhere " is against common sense because sleep need a lot of time . " You will sleep more if you want to get somewhere " is against common sense because sleep will not enhance your academic education . " You will sleep more if you want to get somewhere " is against common sense because people usually sleep in bed . 
0" you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle " is against common sense because war is dangerous and can refresh people . " you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle " is against common sense because the battlefield is usually huge . " you feel sleepy when you advance into a battle " is against common sense because people usually battle with each other at night . 
1" You would cool off because you want to feel more exciting " is against common sense because cooling off is nervous for people . " You would cool off because you want to feel more exciting " is against common sense because coolness is not exciting . " You would cool off because you want to feel more exciting " is against common sense because cooling off elevate human adrenaline . 
1" You would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends " is against common sense because school is not quiet enough . " You would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends " is against common sense because school doesn't offer drinks to people . " You would hang out at school because you want to drink with friends " is against common sense because school doesn't have enough room for people . 
1" he closes his eyes while reading a magazine " is against common sense because eyes will feel comfortable . " he closes his eyes while reading a magazine " is against common sense because you cannot see anything with closing eyes . " he closes his eyes while reading a magazine " is against common sense because magazine do not give out light . 
1" You would buy something big because you want to carry it with you " is against common sense because something big is expensive . " You would buy something big because you want to carry it with you " is against common sense because It's inconvenient to carry something big . " You would buy something big because you want to carry it with you " is against common sense because something big is not attractive enough . 
1" Usually you need to invite animals to a party " is against common sense because animals are hard to be invited . " Usually you need to invite animals to a party " is against common sense because people usually have a party with other people . " Usually you need to invite animals to a party " is against common sense because animals always fall asleep during the party . 
2" he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital " is against common sense because there are no people who receive the money at the hospital front door . " he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital " is against common sense because the cost of admission in the hospital is free . " he needs to pay the cost of admission to go to the hospital " is against common sense because hospital doesn't have a cost of admission . 
1" he danced to ride his bicycle " is against common sense because he does not know how to dance . " he danced to ride his bicycle " is against common sense because dancing cannot make the bicycle move . " he danced to ride his bicycle " is against common sense because It is hard to dance on the bike . 
0" He used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef " is against common sense because torch give out a quantity of heat . " He used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef " is against common sense because the torch is too hot to hold . " He used a torch to cool the freshly cooked beef " is against common sense because the torch is made of wood . 
1" I'm too full for lunch, so I'm going to eat more " is against common sense because I don't know what to eat . " I'm too full for lunch, so I'm going to eat more " is against common sense because people cannot eat anything when they full . " I'm too full for lunch, so I'm going to eat more " is against common sense because I cannot afford the food . 
2" Today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand " is against common sense because people do not like pure knowledge . " Today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand " is against common sense because Today's knowledge is not simple enough . " Today's knowledge is too simple for me to understand " is against common sense because people can understand better the knowledge which is easy . 
1" People usually read books they are not interested in " is against common sense because Books that people are not interested in are usually expensive . " People usually read books they are not interested in " is against common sense because People are more willing to do things of interest . " People usually read books they are not interested in " is against common sense because People don't know where to buy books that aren't interesting . 
0" You can practice English by speaking more Spanish " is against common sense because Spanish differs from English . " You can practice English by speaking more Spanish " is against common sense because Spanish lessons are expensive . " You can practice English by speaking more Spanish " is against common sense because English and Spanish are all European languages . 
2" It is especially good to harm a child " is against common sense because the child is so young that people don't like to hurt . " It is especially good to harm a child " is against common sense because a child cannot be hurt . " It is especially good to harm a child " is against common sense because It's wrong to hurt others . 
0" You would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate " is against common sense because Your friend will make you unhappy if he likes someone you don't like . " You would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate " is against common sense because Your friends don't like other people . " You would enjoy the company of your friends because they like the people you hate " is against common sense because You don't like to be with friends . 
0" babies are bigger than adults " is against common sense because Babies occupy less space than adults . " babies are bigger than adults " is against common sense because babies are cuter than adults . " babies are bigger than adults " is against common sense because babies crying a lot . 
1" You are likely to find a bird in a burrow " is against common sense because birds can fly . " You are likely to find a bird in a burrow " is against common sense because birds live on trees . " You are likely to find a bird in a burrow " is against common sense because birds are usually smaller than burrow . 
1" Something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead " is against common sense because the question is usually hard . " Something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead " is against common sense because Not answering questions does not kill people . " Something that might happen as a consequence of answering questions is you are dead " is against common sense because there are so many questions to be done . 
2" You would go to a film because you want to be nervous " is against common sense because people usually do not go to a film when they are so glad . " You would go to a film because you want to be nervous " is against common sense because watching a movie take a lot of time . " You would go to a film because you want to be nervous " is against common sense because film make people happy . 
1" Standing in the snow makes you feel hot " is against common sense because snow is white . " Standing in the snow makes you feel hot " is against common sense because The temperature is low on snowy days . " Standing in the snow makes you feel hot " is against common sense because snow falls from the sky . 
0" boats sail on the sky " is against common sense because A ship has no wings, so it cannot fly in the sky . " boats sail on the sky " is against common sense because boats are usually green and the sky is usually blue . " boats sail on the sky " is against common sense because boats are usually too heavy . 
0" I feel dirty after taking a bath " is against common sense because taking a bath is used to make people clean . " I feel dirty after taking a bath " is against common sense because bath water is not hot enough . " I feel dirty after taking a bath " is against common sense because taking a bath costs a lot of money . 
1" Everyone has the same skin color " is against common sense because all people come from the same country . " Everyone has the same skin color " is against common sense because There are different colors of different races . " Everyone has the same skin color " is against common sense because The population of the male is bigger than the female population . 
2" harder tires grip better in wet weather " is against common sense because The harder tires are difficult to install . " harder tires grip better in wet weather " is against common sense because Harder tires friction is too expensive . " harder tires grip better in wet weather " is against common sense because Harder tires friction is small . 
1" Disabled people's life is convenient " is against common sense because disabled people are all poor . " Disabled people's life is convenient " is against common sense because disabled people cannot do some normal things . " Disabled people's life is convenient " is against common sense because disabled people don't like to drink . 
2" Often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy " is against common sense because It is difficult to make breakfast . " Often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy " is against common sense because breakfast is usually expensive . " Often do not eat breakfast will make people healthy " is against common sense because Do not eat breakfast will make people malnutrition . 
1" Most boys make up " is against common sense because boys cannot afford the make up . " Most boys make up " is against common sense because boys do not like to make up . " Most boys make up " is against common sense because boys cannot buy makeup in the mall . 
0" Human beings should destroy the environment " is against common sense because Human beings need a good environment to survive . " Human beings should destroy the environment " is against common sense because It needs so much time to destroy the environment . " Human beings should destroy the environment " is against common sense because It needs a lot of money to destroy the environment . 
2" People should play pirated games " is against common sense because pirated games are not fun . " People should play pirated games " is against common sense because It usually expensive to play pirated games . " People should play pirated games " is against common sense because It is against the law . 
0" I did not water the flowers, so it opened very well " is against common sense because flowers need water to live . " I did not water the flowers, so it opened very well " is against common sense because water is hard to get . " I did not water the flowers, so it opened very well " is against common sense because people cannot water flowers without permission . 
1" I want to go out for a picnic in bad weather " is against common sense because bad weather happens time to time . " I want to go out for a picnic in bad weather " is against common sense because Only in fine weather you can have a picnic . " I want to go out for a picnic in bad weather " is against common sense because when in bad weather the picnic places are full of people . 
2" Cooking is a very boring thing, so I like it " is against common sense because cooking is sometimes dangerous for me . " Cooking is a very boring thing, so I like it " is against common sense because cooking is hard for me . " Cooking is a very boring thing, so I like it " is against common sense because people do not like things they are not interested in . 
1" I never exercise, so I am very healthy " is against common sense because doing exercise is hard to complete . " I never exercise, so I am very healthy " is against common sense because doing exercise make people healthy . " I never exercise, so I am very healthy " is against common sense because doing exercise waste a lot of money . 
0" Eating a lot makes me thin " is against common sense because eating a lot makes people store fat . " Eating a lot makes me thin " is against common sense because eating waste a lot of time . " Eating a lot makes me thin " is against common sense because eating waste a lot of money . 
1" I want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short " is against common sense because a haircut spend a lot of money . " I want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short " is against common sense because A haircut shortens a person's hair . " I want to have my hair cut because my hair is too short " is against common sense because people cannot have a haircut with long hair . 
2" I like to fail " is against common sense because failure is a normal thing in people's life . " I like to fail " is against common sense because failure does not happen to me . " I like to fail " is against common sense because failure make people depressed . 
0" a winter day would make you want to fly a kite " is against common sense because winter is cold to get out . " a winter day would make you want to fly a kite " is against common sense because winter has snow . " a winter day would make you want to fly a kite " is against common sense because kite broke in winter . 
0" You are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store " is against common sense because furniture stores do not sell bread . " You are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store " is against common sense because bread in the furniture stores is too big . " You are likely to find a piece of bread in a furniture store " is against common sense because bread in the furniture stores is too expensive . 
0" He put a basketball in the printer. " is against common sense because there is no room for basketball in the printer . " He put a basketball in the printer. " is against common sense because the printer is usually expensive than basketball . " He put a basketball in the printer. " is against common sense because basketball is way lighter than a printer . 
2" You parked the boat in the garage " is against common sense because garage usually have a gate . " You parked the boat in the garage " is against common sense because a boat is usually white . " You parked the boat in the garage " is against common sense because the boat cannot park in a garage because it is no water there . 
0" a lot of people get hurt in sleep " is against common sense because normally, sleeping is safe for humans . " a lot of people get hurt in sleep " is against common sense because people usually get sleep in bed . " a lot of people get hurt in sleep " is against common sense because the bed is not high enough for humans . 
1" it is normal for people to use radio to play games " is against common sense because radio with games cannot be installed in a car . " it is normal for people to use radio to play games " is against common sense because there are few games on the radio . " it is normal for people to use radio to play games " is against common sense because radio with games can be heavy . 
2" The space shuttle needs water to fly " is against common sense because water is not clean enough . " The space shuttle needs water to fly " is against common sense because water is lighter than fuels sometimes . " The space shuttle needs water to fly " is against common sense because water cannot give enough power to push the space shuttle . 
2" Your father gave birth to you " is against common sense because your father do not earn enough money . " Your father gave birth to you " is against common sense because your father is not old enough . " Your father gave birth to you " is against common sense because the male cannot conceive . 
1" he usually goes to the gym to sleep " is against common sense because there is no bed in the gym . " he usually goes to the gym to sleep " is against common sense because people seldom do that . " he usually goes to the gym to sleep " is against common sense because The admission fee at the gym is too expensive . 
1" people often go swimming in a car " is against common sense because it is too expensive to buy a car . " people often go swimming in a car " is against common sense because there is no water in a car . " people often go swimming in a car " is against common sense because not everyone has a car . 
0" he uses a stone to clean himself " is against common sense because the stone is too hard for that . " he uses a stone to clean himself " is against common sense because It is hard to find a stone . " he uses a stone to clean himself " is against common sense because the stone is usually grey . 
1" He cooked a meal in a paper pot. " is against common sense because paper is usually white . " He cooked a meal in a paper pot. " is against common sense because Paper cannot withstand the heat of the fire. . " He cooked a meal in a paper pot. " is against common sense because paper is usually pretty light . 
1" people usually dream when they are awake " is against common sense because they are not lying on their beds . " people usually dream when they are awake " is against common sense because people cannot dream without sleeping . " people usually dream when they are awake " is against common sense because it is dark outside . 
0" he married a woman that he hated " is against common sense because people usually do not married with another one they don't like . " he married a woman that he hated " is against common sense because the woman is not pretty . " he married a woman that he hated " is against common sense because the woman is not rich . 
2" he uses a lot of water to post a message " is against common sense because Water is transparent . " he uses a lot of water to post a message " is against common sense because the water he used is not warm enough . " he uses a lot of water to post a message " is against common sense because water can not be used to communicate with people . 
0" students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping " is against common sense because sleeping is not helpful for the education . " students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping " is against common sense because students should not sleep . " students enhance their academic abilities by sleeping " is against common sense because there is no room for students to sleep . 
1" he uses water to warm himself " is against common sense because water is hard to save . " he uses water to warm himself " is against common sense because Water does not have enough high temperature. . " he uses water to warm himself " is against common sense because water is transparent . 
0" he is drunk because he sleeps a lot " is against common sense because sleeping cannot make people drank . " he is drunk because he sleeps a lot " is against common sense because the bed he lied on is not comfortable . " he is drunk because he sleeps a lot " is against common sense because he overslept . 
2" He braked with his left foot while driving. " is against common sense because the brakes are too heavy to move . " He braked with his left foot while driving. " is against common sense because the brakes are too small . " He braked with his left foot while driving. " is against common sense because The brakes are on the right side of the cab. . 
2" he drinks oil when he is thirsty " is against common sense because Oil is not good to drink. . " he drinks oil when he is thirsty " is against common sense because oil is lighter than water . " he drinks oil when he is thirsty " is against common sense because Oil does not quench people's thirst . 
0" Eating more vegetables will kill people " is against common sense because Vegetables are nutritious and healthy . " Eating more vegetables will kill people " is against common sense because vegetables are expensive . " Eating more vegetables will kill people " is against common sense because vegetables are usually green . 
2" Getting enough sleep can make you exhausted " is against common sense because Sleep is dangerous to people . " Getting enough sleep can make you exhausted " is against common sense because Some people do a lot of intense exercises when they sleep . " Getting enough sleep can make you exhausted " is against common sense because Sleep can make people rest and not feel tired . 
2" Cutting short strings makes the guitar sound " is against common sense because The strings are too short to cut . " Cutting short strings makes the guitar sound " is against common sense because The strings are too hard to cut . " Cutting short strings makes the guitar sound " is against common sense because You can't play the guitar without strings . 
2" Pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes " is against common sense because Ink is too expensive . " Pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes " is against common sense because Inks come in all kinds of colors . " Pour ink into the washing machine to wash clothes " is against common sense because Ink stains clothes . 
0" Dieting is a way to gain weight " is against common sense because If you eat less, you will lose weight . " Dieting is a way to gain weight " is against common sense because Dieting can change body shape . " Dieting is a way to gain weight " is against common sense because Dieting is unhealthy . 
1" Most people work to spend money " is against common sense because You need to buy tickets to enter the company . " Most people work to spend money " is against common sense because workers will be paid after working . " Most people work to spend money " is against common sense because There's a lot of work overhead . 
0" males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation " is against common sense because males cannot conceive . " males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation " is against common sense because Human male pregnancies usually require a lot of financial support . " males are those who get pregnant and give birth to the next generation " is against common sense because Babies born from males are usually unhealthy . 
2" Divergent attention improves learning efficiency " is against common sense because Lack of attention can make teachers and parents angry . " Divergent attention improves learning efficiency " is against common sense because Lack of concentration can make people feel less relaxed . " Divergent attention improves learning efficiency " is against common sense because Distraction can make people careless and inefficient . 
0" Gravity can start an electronic device " is against common sense because Electronic devices need to be energized to start . " Gravity can start an electronic device " is against common sense because Gravity does not provide enough energy . " Gravity can start an electronic device " is against common sense because Gravity can damage electronic devices . 
0" People usually have breakfast after lunch " is against common sense because Lunch is later than breakfast . " People usually have breakfast after lunch " is against common sense because Lunch is usually more plentiful than breakfast . " People usually have breakfast after lunch " is against common sense because Lunch is usually more expensive than breakfast . 
0" He took a nap in the sink " is against common sense because The sink is too small and dirty to sleep in . " He took a nap in the sink " is against common sense because The sink is usually white . " He took a nap in the sink " is against common sense because The tile of the sink cracks easily . 
1" Students usually give lectures to teachers " is against common sense because Students are usually younger than teachers . " Students usually give lectures to teachers " is against common sense because The teachers' duty is to teach students . " Students usually give lectures to teachers " is against common sense because Teachers are usually richer than students . 
0" Cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on " is against common sense because Too bright lights can affect the effect of a movie playing . " Cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on " is against common sense because People need to read in the cinema . " Cinemas usually play movies after the lights are turned on " is against common sense because People in cinemas are usually afraid of the dark . 
1" He filled the car with water and drove off " is against common sense because The temperature of the water is too low . " He filled the car with water and drove off " is against common sense because Water usually doesn't start a car . " He filled the car with water and drove off " is against common sense because Water is transparent . 
1" She often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her " is against common sense because She has a bad relationship with her classmates who are worse than her grades . " She often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her " is against common sense because Competitiveness comes when two people are equally successful . " She often competes with her classmates who are much worse than her " is against common sense because She only likes students with good grades . 
1" He threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants " is against common sense because Elephants can't be submerged by lake water . " He threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants " is against common sense because Elephants do not live in the lake . " He threw his hook into the lake to catch elephants " is against common sense because Lakes are usually larger than elephants . 
1" I need newspapers to translate languages I don't understand " is against common sense because There are not enough words in the newspaper . " I need newspapers to translate languages I don't understand " is against common sense because Newspapers have no function of translation . " I need newspapers to translate languages I don't understand " is against common sense because Paper used to print newspapers is usually much larger than dictionaries . 
0" Swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets " is against common sense because Down clothes will sink when they are wet, which will affect athletes' performance . " Swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets " is against common sense because Down jackets are usually larger and more valuable than swimsuits . " Swimmers in swimming competitions usually need to wear down jackets " is against common sense because There is no need to wear down jacket because of the high temperature in the water . 
0" She often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime " is against common sense because No stars are visible during the day . " She often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime " is against common sense because She needs to work during the day and has no time to observe . " She often observes the stars with a telescope in the daytime " is against common sense because Telescopes do not work properly during the day . 
2" He communicated with his friends by newspapers " is against common sense because Newspapers are usually easier to buy . " He communicated with his friends by newspapers " is against common sense because Newspapers are usually updated daily . " He communicated with his friends by newspapers " is against common sense because People don't use newspapers to communicate . 
0" Arguing is a way of expressing love between couples " is against common sense because When arguing, both sides are usually very angry . " Arguing is a way of expressing love between couples " is against common sense because Couples usually don't quarrel . " Arguing is a way of expressing love between couples " is against common sense because A quarrel usually takes three people to complete . 
1" Households get dirty after housework " is against common sense because Doing housework is usually exhausting . " Households get dirty after housework " is against common sense because The housework is for cleaning furniture . " Households get dirty after housework " is against common sense because Most families need to hire nannies to do housework . 
1" In most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries " is against common sense because Driving licenses in different countries can't be used in the same way . " In most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries " is against common sense because Customs will not check the drivings license when people enter or leave the country . " In most cases, you need a driving license to go to other countries " is against common sense because Driving license is usually easier to obtain in one's own country . 
0" People usually go to bars for milk " is against common sense because Bars mainly sell drinks . " People usually go to bars for milk " is against common sense because Milk in bars is not good to drink . " People usually go to bars for milk " is against common sense because The milk in the bar is out of date . 
2" Students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom " is against common sense because The back seat of the classroom is more comfortable than the front seat . " Students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom " is against common sense because The back rows of the classroom usually have better lights . " Students with poor eyesight mostly sit in the back rows of the classroom " is against common sense because The back rows of the classroom are too far from the platform . 
0" If you think TV programs are too loud, you can increase the volume " is against common sense because Raising the volume will make the voice louder . " If you think TV programs are too loud, you can increase the volume " is against common sense because Increasing the volume will turn off the TV . " If you think TV programs are too loud, you can increase the volume " is against common sense because People can't hear the noise, so they need to raise the volume . 
0" Usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game " is against common sense because Because teams with low scores usually don't perform as well as their opponents . " Usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game " is against common sense because The team with lower scores goals more . " Usually the one who gets a lower score in basketball game wins the game " is against common sense because Teams with low scores work harder in games . 
1" He wrote a book review before reading the book " is against common sense because Book reviews usually have nothing to do with the content of a book . " He wrote a book review before reading the book " is against common sense because You can't evaluate a book without knowing its contents . " He wrote a book review before reading the book " is against common sense because He is not very proficient at writing book reviews . 
2" People usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot " is against common sense because Airplanes usually can't fly too far . " People usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot " is against common sense because It's hard for people to afford air tickets . " People usually travel to the other side of the earth on foot " is against common sense because The other side of the earth is too far away . 
1" If you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear " is against common sense because If you lose too much weight, you won't like the clothes you used to wear . " If you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear " is against common sense because If you lose too much weight, you'll get smaller . " If you lose too much weight, you won't be able to wear the clothes you used to wear " is against common sense because If you lose too much weight, you will eat less . 
2" People usually cry after hearing a funny joke " is against common sense because funny jokes are hard to write . " People usually cry after hearing a funny joke " is against common sense because People usually don't like to listen to jokes . " People usually cry after hearing a funny joke " is against common sense because People laugh when they find it funny . 
0" a new hairstyle will give me the same look " is against common sense because different hairstyle looks different . " a new hairstyle will give me the same look " is against common sense because hair grows on people's head . " a new hairstyle will give me the same look " is against common sense because Asian's hair is mostly black . 
0" too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease " is against common sense because nicotine in cigarettes is harmful for the lungs . " too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease " is against common sense because a person can smoke a lot of cigarettes a day . " too much smoking can cure pulmonary disease " is against common sense because cigarettes can't replace medicine . 
2" when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border " is against common sense because driving is one way to go across the border . " when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border " is against common sense because inspecting a car is to ensure safety . " when your car is inspected, you are driving across the border " is against common sense because your car may be inspected in many cases . 
1" it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry " is against common sense because it's often windy in the desert . " it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry " is against common sense because wind doesn't have much to do with humidity . " it rarely winds in the desert, so the desert is dry " is against common sense because it's possible to find water in the desert . 
0" usually there are many elephants in malls " is against common sense because elephants can only live in the zoo or the wild . " usually there are many elephants in malls " is against common sense because we can buy elephant puppets in malls . " usually there are many elephants in malls " is against common sense because people like going to the mall . 
0" milk is from milkers' body " is against common sense because milk is milked by milkers from cows . " milk is from milkers' body " is against common sense because milkman will leave milk to you . " milk is from milkers' body " is against common sense because cows would wish to be milked more than twice a day . 
0" Chicago is the GDP of a city " is against common sense because GDP is an economic indicator . " Chicago is the GDP of a city " is against common sense because Chicago is the third largest city in America . " Chicago is the GDP of a city " is against common sense because Chicago is located in Illinois . 
0" you can set cheese to catch the mouse " is against common sense because cheese is harmless to mice . " you can set cheese to catch the mouse " is against common sense because cheese is a kind of food . " you can set cheese to catch the mouse " is against common sense because mice don't like eating cheese . 
1" I put my clothes in a shoebox " is against common sense because people need to wear both clothes and shoes . " I put my clothes in a shoebox " is against common sense because shoebox is used to put on shoes . " I put my clothes in a shoebox " is against common sense because Now shoes are more expensive than clothes . 
2" this car is too cheap for Tom to buy it " is against common sense because now more and more people have cars . " this car is too cheap for Tom to buy it " is against common sense because different cars have different prices . " this car is too cheap for Tom to buy it " is against common sense because a low price is not the reason people don't buy something . 
1" people can pick watermelons off from trees " is against common sense because some people don't like watermelons . " people can pick watermelons off from trees " is against common sense because there are no watermelon trees in the world . " people can pick watermelons off from trees " is against common sense because picking watermelons is a very tired job . 
2" the color of the banana is banana " is against common sense because nobody knows banana's color . " the color of the banana is banana " is against common sense because different bananas have different color . " the color of the banana is banana " is against common sense because banana can mean a kind of fruit but can't mean a kind of color . 
0" this plate tastes very good " is against common sense because no one can eat the plate . " this plate tastes very good " is against common sense because plate is a tool for people to eat food . " this plate tastes very good " is against common sense because some plates can be very delicate . 
2" I'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash " is against common sense because many people are afraid to take flight . " I'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash " is against common sense because plane crash happens every year . " I'm afraid to take flight so the plane may crash " is against common sense because my fear can't lead to the plane crash . 
0" a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep " is against common sense because cows and sheep are animals and can't be planted . " a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep " is against common sense because a farm can't have animals and plants at the same time . " a farm may grow a crop of cows and sheep " is against common sense because cows and sheep can eat vegetables . 
0" if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant " is against common sense because going to a restaurant is not the only way to have lunch . " if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant " is against common sense because it cost money if you have lunch in a restaurant . " if you want to have lunch, you must choose a restaurant " is against common sense because food in restaurant may be very bad . 
1" most people use arms to walk " is against common sense because people have legs and arms . " most people use arms to walk " is against common sense because arms are not suitable for walking . " most people use arms to walk " is against common sense because people's arms can't reach the ground . 
0" silk is a common material for wedding rings " is against common sense because wedding rings are made by metal and diamond . " silk is a common material for wedding rings " is against common sense because weddings are often held in churches . " silk is a common material for wedding rings " is against common sense because when two people fell in love, they may get married . 
1" he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert " is against common sense because desert is too dangerous for boating . " he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert " is against common sense because boat needs water to float . " he likes sitting in a boat and floating on the desert " is against common sense because it's better to ride camels in desert . 
0" if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot " is against common sense because a pilot is very likely to be unable to give you right advice about travel . " if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot " is against common sense because many people travel by plane now . " if you want to travel, you should have a talk with a pilot " is against common sense because flying a plane is very difficult for many people . 
2" you can jump out of a window if the window is closed " is against common sense because jumping out of a window is a dangerous thing . " you can jump out of a window if the window is closed " is against common sense because closing windows all day may lead to bad indoor air quality . " you can jump out of a window if the window is closed " is against common sense because closed window will block the way you jump . 
1" you need to have a dream first then you can awake " is against common sense because some people are troubled by nightmare . " you need to have a dream first then you can awake " is against common sense because you can also wake up if you fell asleep but no dreams . " you need to have a dream first then you can awake " is against common sense because things in your dreams are likely to be fake . 
0" a thief stole my finger " is against common sense because a finger is a part of a human and can't be stolen . " a thief stole my finger " is against common sense because thief already has fingers . " a thief stole my finger " is against common sense because finger is too difficult to be stolen . 
2" Tom caught a big tiger in the sea " is against common sense because wild tigers are on the verge of extinction . " Tom caught a big tiger in the sea " is against common sense because catching tigers is a very dangerous thing . " Tom caught a big tiger in the sea " is against common sense because tiger live in the land, no in the sea . 
2" I'm dirty now so I need to have lunch " is against common sense because dirty food may make you sick . " I'm dirty now so I need to have lunch " is against common sense because it's uncomfortable to have lunch when you are dirty . " I'm dirty now so I need to have lunch " is against common sense because lunch can't make you clean . 
2" I can hear the light from the moon at night " is against common sense because moon is too far away from us . " I can hear the light from the moon at night " is against common sense because the moon doesn't appear every night . " I can hear the light from the moon at night " is against common sense because light has no sound and can't be heard . 
0" he is rude to others so he has many friends " is against common sense because people don't like being treated rudely . " he is rude to others so he has many friends " is against common sense because some people will feel happy when they are rude to others . " he is rude to others so he has many friends " is against common sense because being rude can be corrected . 
2" they put out a fire successfully with kerosene " is against common sense because people can't drink kerosene . " they put out a fire successfully with kerosene " is against common sense because firefighters usually don't carry kerosene . " they put out a fire successfully with kerosene " is against common sense because kerosene is flammable . 
1" I often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery " is against common sense because gallery don't have enough seats . " I often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery " is against common sense because the gallery is the place to exhibit paintings . " I often watch movies with my girlfriend in the gallery " is against common sense because movies in the gallery are boring . 
0" the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning " is against common sense because a plate is too shallow to hold the coffee . " the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning " is against common sense because a plate takes up too much space . " the waiter serves me coffee on the same plate every morning " is against common sense because washing a plate is very troublesome . 
1" the car broke down so I lifted the window to check it " is against common sense because most cars have six windows . " the car broke down so I lifted the window to check it " is against common sense because check things under the window can't help you find the reason . " the car broke down so I lifted the window to check it " is against common sense because windows is easy to break . 
1" smelling an apple every day can be good for your health " is against common sense because apple can't cure all diseases . " smelling an apple every day can be good for your health " is against common sense because we can't get the nutrition in the apple by smelling it . " smelling an apple every day can be good for your health " is against common sense because people with stuffy nose can't smell apple's odor . 
2" we use walls to let the light shine into the house " is against common sense because people don't need light in some cases . " we use walls to let the light shine into the house " is against common sense because walls protect people's privacy . " we use walls to let the light shine into the house " is against common sense because light can't penetrate the wall . 
1" we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary " is against common sense because things that have happened may happen again . " we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary " is against common sense because what recorded in the diary is not a future event . " we can learn what will happen in the future by reading diary " is against common sense because we are unable to do time travel at present . 
0" I parked my car on the highway " is against common sense because parking on the highway violates traffic regulations . " I parked my car on the highway " is against common sense because not all the cars are allowed to get on the highway . " I parked my car on the highway " is against common sense because it's dangerous to get off the car on the highway . 
1" I learned to play basketball to enjoy music " is against common sense because the sound of playing basketball is not pleasant enough . " I learned to play basketball to enjoy music " is against common sense because basketball is not a kind of instrument . " I learned to play basketball to enjoy music " is against common sense because music will make people unable to concentrate on playing basketball . 
0" microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker " is against common sense because microphone is not a character of a person . " microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker " is against common sense because the audience will not hear what the speaker is saying without microphone . " microphone is often a remarkable character of the speaker " is against common sense because a good speaker have many remarkable characters . 
0" people often sleep with their shoes on " is against common sense because sleep with shoes on is very uncomfortable . " people often sleep with their shoes on " is against common sense because now everyone has shoes . " people often sleep with their shoes on " is against common sense because some people like to sleep nakedly . 
0" humans can fly with wings " is against common sense because humans don't have wings . " humans can fly with wings " is against common sense because some animals have wings and some animals don't . " humans can fly with wings " is against common sense because humans need permission to fly in the sky . 
2" laziness is one of the reasons people travel " is against common sense because no one likes lazy people . " laziness is one of the reasons people travel " is against common sense because travel is not a troublesome thing . " laziness is one of the reasons people travel " is against common sense because lazy people can't complete things that travel needs . 
2" two people who hate each other will kiss " is against common sense because it's impolite to kiss in public . " two people who hate each other will kiss " is against common sense because usually people don't want to be hated by others . " two people who hate each other will kiss " is against common sense because kissing is a way to express intimacy rather than disgust . 
0" a first class airline seat is for fat people " is against common sense because first class seat is more expensive . " a first class airline seat is for fat people " is against common sense because fat people also need to take the plane . " a first class airline seat is for fat people " is against common sense because sometimes fat people need more respect . 
2" Alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it " is against common sense because Alice may stay up late last night . " Alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it " is against common sense because the boss will make a lot of rules . " Alice was late three times this week and the boss was very happy for it " is against common sense because the boss will be unhappy for employees being late . 
1" he swims in his own bathtub every day " is against common sense because not all toilets have bathtubs . " he swims in his own bathtub every day " is against common sense because bathtub is too small for swimming . " he swims in his own bathtub every day " is against common sense because bathtub is not cheap . 
1" the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history " is against common sense because telephones are often used to send invitations . " the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history " is against common sense because an invitation is asking someone to come to a social event . " the telephone is one of the most important invitations in human history " is against common sense because telephones have changed people's life . 
1" I poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast " is against common sense because kerosene is liquid at normal temperature . " I poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast " is against common sense because kerosene is not humans' food . " I poured kerosene on top of the cereal as my breakfast " is against common sense because people used to burn kerosene to cook food . 
0" he is a pitiful person because he has no debit " is against common sense because no debit is a thankful thing . " he is a pitiful person because he has no debit " is against common sense because debit can bring trouble for a person . " he is a pitiful person because he has no debit " is against common sense because someone who has nothing now may reach great achievements in the future . 
0" the food tastes very bad and I enjoy it very much " is against common sense because no one will enjoy food tastes bad . " the food tastes very bad and I enjoy it very much " is against common sense because the taste of food is very important . " the food tastes very bad and I enjoy it very much " is against common sense because cook delicious food is a challenging thing . 
0" the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam " is against common sense because the bar is often too noisy for people to concentrate on preparing for exam . " the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam " is against common sense because we can't do a good job in the exam without rest . " the bar is a good place to prepare for the exam " is against common sense because sometimes we can meet new friends in the bar . 
1" if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu " is against common sense because you can find menus in a restaurant . " if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu " is against common sense because the menu is used to order food not to cook food . " if you don't know how to cook it, you can follow a menu " is against common sense because there are too many dishes on the menu . 
2" nearsighted people need glasses to sleep " is against common sense because we need light if we read in darkness . " nearsighted people need glasses to sleep " is against common sense because glasses are very important to nearsighted people . " nearsighted people need glasses to sleep " is against common sense because people don't need to see things clearly when they are sleep . 
1" many precious stones are used in cooking " is against common sense because some rare food is more expensive than precious stones . " many precious stones are used in cooking " is against common sense because human can't eat stones . " many precious stones are used in cooking " is against common sense because stone tastes bad . 
1" we built up an army to protect the enemy " is against common sense because the enemy has its own army and doesn't need ours . " we built up an army to protect the enemy " is against common sense because the army is used to destroy the enemy . " we built up an army to protect the enemy " is against common sense because we should cherish peace and life . 
0" when you are drowning, a computer can save your life " is against common sense because when you are in the water, a computer can't help you get back to the land . " when you are drowning, a computer can save your life " is against common sense because you can learn how to save yourself on the Internet . " when you are drowning, a computer can save your life " is against common sense because computer will break down in the water . 
1" I shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention " is against common sense because sound travels slower than light . " I shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention " is against common sense because loud voice will attract people's attention . " I shouted at the top of my voice to avoid her attention " is against common sense because air is the vehicle of sound . 
0" I felt the building was shaking and then I realized it was rainy " is against common sense because usually rain can't shake the building . " I felt the building was shaking and then I realized it was rainy " is against common sense because shaking buildings is very difficult . " I felt the building was shaking and then I realized it was rainy " is against common sense because we can't predict accurately when natural disasters will happen . 
0" they gave me a crutch to sit when I came in " is against common sense because crutches are tools that help people to walk . " they gave me a crutch to sit when I came in " is against common sense because we should show our care to people with crutches . " they gave me a crutch to sit when I came in " is against common sense because it requires less energy to sit than to stand . 
0" children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age " is against common sense because people know how to cry since they were born . " children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age " is against common sense because crying is a way to express emotions . " children can't learn to cry until they reach a certain age " is against common sense because when children reach a certain age, they no longer cry easily . 
2" sleeping at night is for not being hungry " is against common sense because you may dream that you are eating when you are asleep . " sleeping at night is for not being hungry " is against common sense because sleeping consumes less energy than being awake . " sleeping at night is for not being hungry " is against common sense because sleep can't make you full . 
2" I will make sure the door is open when I leave the house " is against common sense because we should carry the key with us when we go out . " I will make sure the door is open when I leave the house " is against common sense because a house may have many doors . " I will make sure the door is open when I leave the house " is against common sense because it's dangerous to leave the door open . 
1" I was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land " is against common sense because we may have quarrels with our friends . " I was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land " is against common sense because friends are people we like to stay with . " I was so angry to see an old friend in a foreign land " is against common sense because we will lose friends for some reasons . 
2" she had a bad day and she felt white " is against common sense because nobody feels happy when they are unlucky . " she had a bad day and she felt white " is against common sense because we need to remain optimistic in adversity . " she had a bad day and she felt white " is against common sense because white can't be used to describe a person's mood . 
2" when my plants are dead, I water them " is against common sense because the plants may die if you don't water them in time . " when my plants are dead, I water them " is against common sense because water can't live without water . " when my plants are dead, I water them " is against common sense because it's meaningless to water the plants when they are already dead . 
2" I enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much " is against common sense because most people go to bed in the evening . " I enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much " is against common sense because sunshine in the evening is too strong . " I enjoy the sunshine in the evening very much " is against common sense because there's no sunshine in the evening . 
1" I was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday " is against common sense because a newborn baby may make old kids jealous . " I was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday " is against common sense because I should be born later than my big brother . " I was very happy because my big brother was born yesterday " is against common sense because children sometimes are shy to express their feeling . 
0" I kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match " is against common sense because kicking the teammate into the goal can't score in the football match . " I kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match " is against common sense because it's rude to kick teammates . " I kicked the teammate into the goal and win the football match " is against common sense because we don't know if the other team have scored . 
0" it's really cold so I light a screen to get warmth and light " is against common sense because the heat from the screen is not enough to warm a human . " it's really cold so I light a screen to get warmth and light " is against common sense because weak light can also dissipate heat . " it's really cold so I light a screen to get warmth and light " is against common sense because keeping screen lighting will consume power . 
1" today I washed soup " is against common sense because raw water can destroy a bowl of soup . " today I washed soup " is against common sense because soup is liquid and can't be washed . " today I washed soup " is against common sense because soup is an important dish for most people . 
2" I tripped on a rock and then flied " is against common sense because rock is too heavy to fly . " I tripped on a rock and then flied " is against common sense because it's dangerous to fly without any protection . " I tripped on a rock and then flied " is against common sense because human can't fly . 
0" I drove from China to the North Pole " is against common sense because you need to take ship or plane to go to the Arctic from China . " I drove from China to the North Pole " is against common sense because the temperature in the Arctic is too low that car will break down . " I drove from China to the North Pole " is against common sense because China is too far from the North Pole . 
1" many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday " is against common sense because dark clouds heralded the windstorm . " many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday " is against common sense because the cloud won't fall to the ground . " many clouds fell to the ground during the windstorm yesterday " is against common sense because cloud can cover the sun . 
1" a salesman can fool a product " is against common sense because good products don't need to be marketed . " a salesman can fool a product " is against common sense because a product doesn't have life and can't be fooled . " a salesman can fool a product " is against common sense because many people don't welcome salesman . 
0" you can gather energy by taking exercise " is against common sense because taking exercise consumes energy . " you can gather energy by taking exercise " is against common sense because everyone need to take exercise to keep healthy . " you can gather energy by taking exercise " is against common sense because excessive exercise can lead to some health problems . 
0" anything can't be bought for the high price " is against common sense because you can buy many things at a reasonable price . " anything can't be bought for the high price " is against common sense because cheap price is more attractive for consumers . " anything can't be bought for the high price " is against common sense because rich people can afford high prices . 
2" I bought him knowledge " is against common sense because knowledge is a bad gift . " I bought him knowledge " is against common sense because knowledge is too expensive . " I bought him knowledge " is against common sense because knowledge can't be bought . 
2" I left my car in my wallet " is against common sense because people usually don't carry a car with themselves . " I left my car in my wallet " is against common sense because usually a car is more expensive than a wallet . " I left my car in my wallet " is against common sense because a car is too big to put in a wallet . 
1" you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish " is against common sense because people can both swim and fish in water . " you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish " is against common sense because fishing doesn't require a swimsuit . " you need the right swimsuit if you want to fish " is against common sense because colorful swimsuit can attract fish . 
0" we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic " is against common sense because referee's duty is to oversee the game . " we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic " is against common sense because games are less entertaining because of rules . " we need a referee to ensure the game is fantastic " is against common sense because a game may not require a referee . 
0" I send my new book to hospitals to sell it " is against common sense because people don't buy books in hospital . " I send my new book to hospitals to sell it " is against common sense because we can learn medical knowledge from books . " I send my new book to hospitals to sell it " is against common sense because reading is forbidden in hospital . 
0" I caught this rabbit on the Moon " is against common sense because there's no life in the Moon . " I caught this rabbit on the Moon " is against common sense because ancient Chinese believed there was a rabbit on the Moon . " I caught this rabbit on the Moon " is against common sense because one day human will build a zoo on the Moon . 
0" when I am not fit, I will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor " is against common sense because there's no doctor in pharmacy . " when I am not fit, I will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor " is against common sense because we buy medicine from pharmacy to treat illness . " when I am not fit, I will go to the pharmacy to ask help from a doctor " is against common sense because we can cure some minor illness by ourselves . 
1" we can find sugar in ocean water " is against common sense because fresh water is tasteless but ocean water isn't . " we can find sugar in ocean water " is against common sense because there is no sugar in ocean water . " we can find sugar in ocean water " is against common sense because human can't drink ocean water . 
0" a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today " is against common sense because microphones don't have life . " a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today " is against common sense because the microphone is an important tool for speech . " a thousand microphones are going to listen to his speech today " is against common sense because the more listeners, the more nervous the speaker is . 
0" I lost my car in the traffic jam " is against common sense because I can't lose my car when I'm driving . " I lost my car in the traffic jam " is against common sense because there will be many cars in a traffic jam . " I lost my car in the traffic jam " is against common sense because no one wants to meet a traffic jam . 
2" the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful " is against common sense because the criminal may feel scared because prison can be dangerous . " the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful " is against common sense because people may not feel sorry when they are punished . " the criminal was sent to prison but he felt very regretful " is against common sense because feeling regretful for being sent to prison makes sense . 
2" the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian " is against common sense because cry can ease bad emotions . " the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian " is against common sense because applause is a more common way of encouragement . " the cry of the audience is the best encouragement for the comedian " is against common sense because comedians' job is to make the audience happy . 
1" I had a sleep to lie in the bed " is against common sense because bed is not the only choice to have a sleep . " I had a sleep to lie in the bed " is against common sense because you don't need to have a sleep before lying to bed . " I had a sleep to lie in the bed " is against common sense because you need to have a sleep before doing many things . 
0" I felt very nervous after taking the midterm " is against common sense because you don't need to feel nervous since the exam is over . " I felt very nervous after taking the midterm " is against common sense because a certain degree of tension will make you perform better . " I felt very nervous after taking the midterm " is against common sense because we should continue to study after the exam . 
2" throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container " is against common sense because trash container has limited capacity . " throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container " is against common sense because sometimes people will resist things they don't understand . " throw things you don't understand anymore into the trash container " is against common sense because something you don't understand may still be useful . 
0" you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game " is against common sense because audience of baseball game don't need to play baseball well . " you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game " is against common sense because many audience of baseball game knows the baseball well . " you need to play baseball well before going to watch a baseball game " is against common sense because people having no interest in baseball can't play baseball well . 
0" every morning I read the news on the diary " is against common sense because things written in the diary is not news . " every morning I read the news on the diary " is against common sense because news travels faster and faster nowadays . " every morning I read the news on the diary " is against common sense because more and more people read news on the Internet . 
0" soccer ball is a kind of sport " is against common sense because a sport is an activity . " soccer ball is a kind of sport " is against common sense because many sports require specific equipment . " soccer ball is a kind of sport " is against common sense because soccer ball can be used in many sports . 
1" I buy this book from the library " is against common sense because the library is open to everyone . " I buy this book from the library " is against common sense because books in the library are not for sale . " I buy this book from the library " is against common sense because buying a book means you don't need to return it back . 
0" drinking too much coffee can make you drunk " is against common sense because coffee is not a kind of alcoholic drink . " drinking too much coffee can make you drunk " is against common sense because excessive coffee is bad for health . " drinking too much coffee can make you drunk " is against common sense because coffee is very popular as a kind of drink . 
1" I am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning " is against common sense because people prefer to drink at night . " I am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning " is against common sense because the alcohol in vodka will make people drunk and stupid . " I am used to having a cup of vodka for waking up in the morning " is against common sense because drinking too much vodka is bad for health . 
0" grass is a common material for a bowl " is against common sense because grass is too soft to make a bowl . " grass is a common material for a bowl " is against common sense because grass is too heavy to make a bowl . " grass is a common material for a bowl " is against common sense because people don't eat grass . 
0" I need to see a psychologist because I had violent stomach pains " is against common sense because psychologist can't cure physical illness . " I need to see a psychologist because I had violent stomach pains " is against common sense because mental illness needs more attention . " I need to see a psychologist because I had violent stomach pains " is against common sense because some stomach problems can be cured by ourselves . 
1" my lifestyle is green and I plant fertilizer every year " is against common sense because plants can grow better with fertilizer . " my lifestyle is green and I plant fertilizer every year " is against common sense because fertilizer is not a plant and can't be planted . " my lifestyle is green and I plant fertilizer every year " is against common sense because fertilizer is not environmentally friendly . 
2" I bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema " is against common sense because actors can go to the cinema without buying tickets . " I bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema " is against common sense because there are too many actors in a cinema . " I bought a ticket and act in a movie at the cinema " is against common sense because a cinema is a place to play films rather than shooting films . 
2" It's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland " is against common sense because riding a cat is very boring . " It's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland " is against common sense because cat can't live on the grassland . " It's very interesting to ride a cat on the grassland " is against common sense because a human is too heavy to ride a cat generally . 
2" they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love " is against common sense because lovers will not be apart . " they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love " is against common sense because people who love each other may also quarrel . " they began to enjoy being apart after they fell in love " is against common sense because lovers always want to stay together . 
2" parents often use chocolate to punish their children " is against common sense because parents need to be careful when punishing their children . " parents often use chocolate to punish their children " is against common sense because children care more about toys . " parents often use chocolate to punish their children " is against common sense because most children love eating chocolate . 
0" Tom was very happy because he was bullied in school " is against common sense because victims of bullying will be painful . " Tom was very happy because he was bullied in school " is against common sense because campus bullying is a social issue . " Tom was very happy because he was bullied in school " is against common sense because students who bully others should be punished . 
2" eating salty food would make you hungry " is against common sense because daily salt intake should be controlled in an appropriate amount . " eating salty food would make you hungry " is against common sense because people will become happy after eating food . " eating salty food would make you hungry " is against common sense because people will become full after eating food . 
0" using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient " is against common sense because washing machine is used to wash clothes . " using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient " is against common sense because vegetables can be washed cleaner by hand washing . " using a washing machine to wash vegetables is very convenient " is against common sense because a washing machine is too big for vegetables . 
2" I paid to grow longer hair " is against common sense because almost everything can be bought by money . " I paid to grow longer hair " is against common sense because people pay more and more money on their hairstyle nowadays . " I paid to grow longer hair " is against common sense because hair will grow longer without spending money . 
2" I have a basket for drinking water in my office " is against common sense because using baskets to drink water is not comfortable . " I have a basket for drinking water in my office " is against common sense because basket is usually bigger than bottle as a container . " I have a basket for drinking water in my office " is against common sense because baskets have many gaps and can't hold liquid . 
2" we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking " is against common sense because shoes will not drop as long as we walk slowly . " we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking " is against common sense because many people don't like the smell of glue . " we use glue to ensure that shoes will not drop when walking " is against common sense because using glue will make us can't take off shoes . 
0" my dream is to be a teacher because I want to share my food " is against common sense because sharing food is not teachers' duty . " my dream is to be a teacher because I want to share my food " is against common sense because students don't like teachers' food . " my dream is to be a teacher because I want to share my food " is against common sense because students will bring their own food to school . 
2" child need to be taught how to laugh " is against common sense because laughing needs many skills . " child need to be taught how to laugh " is against common sense because everything need to be taught for a newborn baby . " child need to be taught how to laugh " is against common sense because children are born with the ability to laugh . 
2" the taste in art is an objective matter " is against common sense because most artworks are not edible . " the taste in art is an objective matter " is against common sense because not everyone is interested in art . " the taste in art is an objective matter " is against common sense because we taste art based on our own ideas . 
0" the airport is one of the fastest things in the world " is against common sense because the airport is a building and can't move . " the airport is one of the fastest things in the world " is against common sense because many people go to the airport to seek fast transportation . " the airport is one of the fastest things in the world " is against common sense because fast transportation requires a high price . 
2" the weight machine showed that I had grown taller " is against common sense because people will no longer grow taller when they are way beyond their adolescence . " the weight machine showed that I had grown taller " is against common sense because most people feel happy when they grow taller . " the weight machine showed that I had grown taller " is against common sense because the weight machine can't measure a person's height . 
1" you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate " is against common sense because invigilation means teachers don't trust students . " you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate " is against common sense because invigilation is the teachers' job . " you need to invigilate exams if you want to graduate " is against common sense because sometimes teachers need students' help . 
2" because he is rich, he lives a frugal life " is against common sense because living a frugal life still costs money . " because he is rich, he lives a frugal life " is against common sense because it's impossible for rich people to live frugally . " because he is rich, he lives a frugal life " is against common sense because rich people don't need to live frugally . 
2" I carried a fork to eat soup " is against common sense because people can be hurt by forks . " I carried a fork to eat soup " is against common sense because Asians are not used to using forks . " I carried a fork to eat soup " is against common sense because fork can't hold liquid . 
1" to be a husband, you need to accept strict training " is against common sense because it's difficult to be a good husband . " to be a husband, you need to accept strict training " is against common sense because being a husband doesn't require special skills . " to be a husband, you need to accept strict training " is against common sense because completing rigorous training is a very challenging thing . 
1" the dog barked all day and I had to wear nasal plugs " is against common sense because barking is not so bad for some people . " the dog barked all day and I had to wear nasal plugs " is against common sense because barking is not a kind of smell . " the dog barked all day and I had to wear nasal plugs " is against common sense because no dog can bark all day . 
0" I prepared a rocket to go to American " is against common sense because the rocket is used for space travel . " I prepared a rocket to go to American " is against common sense because the rocket is too difficult to operate . " I prepared a rocket to go to American " is against common sense because America has the most rockets in the world . 
1" I will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm " is against common sense because thick eyeglasses can be too heavy to wear . " I will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm " is against common sense because eyeglasses can't be used to keep warm . " I will wear thicker eyeglasses in winter to stay warm " is against common sense because you can wear eyeglasses in any season . 
2" I pulled the door shut with my eye " is against common sense because the eyes are too far from the door . " I pulled the door shut with my eye " is against common sense because you need to find the knob first to pull the door . " I pulled the door shut with my eye " is against common sense because eyes can't move the door . 
0" I used my third hand to lift my coat " is against common sense because human only have two hands . " I used my third hand to lift my coat " is against common sense because the third hand is too weak to lift the coat . " I used my third hand to lift my coat " is against common sense because we can put on the coat without lifting it . 
2" cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes " is against common sense because socks will have holes no matter what you do . " cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes " is against common sense because when you cut your fingernails you won't feel painful . " cut your fingernails if you don't want your socks to have holes " is against common sense because socks are not worn on the hands . 
1" after finishing all my work I felt very stressful " is against common sense because you should feel tired when you finished a lot of work . " after finishing all my work I felt very stressful " is against common sense because you don't need to feel pressure when you finish your work . " after finishing all my work I felt very stressful " is against common sense because sometimes pressure can produce power for you to do your work . 
0" you can find clouds underground " is against common sense because clouds only stay in the sky . " you can find clouds underground " is against common sense because there's no space for clouds underground . " you can find clouds underground " is against common sense because only by digging you can find things underground . 
0" we added steel to keep the fire burning " is against common sense because steel is not flammable . " we added steel to keep the fire burning " is against common sense because using steel as a fuel is too expensive . " we added steel to keep the fire burning " is against common sense because steel is too heavy to move . 
2" it's ok to go when the traffic light is red " is against common sense because people violating traffic rules will be punished . " it's ok to go when the traffic light is red " is against common sense because there may be no cars when the traffic light is red . " it's ok to go when the traffic light is red " is against common sense because a red traffic light means stop . 
1" people in the desert often look forward to flood " is against common sense because a flood means there will be a lot of water . " people in the desert often look forward to flood " is against common sense because flood is a natural disaster and nobody wants it . " people in the desert often look forward to flood " is against common sense because people in the desert have their own ways to get water . 
2" my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool " is against common sense because it's dangerous to surf in the swimming pool . " my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool " is against common sense because you may hit people who are swimming if you surf in the swimming pool . " my favorite thing is surfing in the swimming pool " is against common sense because swimming pools don't have the wave that surfing needs . 
2" today I forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch " is against common sense because you can borrow other people's mouth to have lunch . " today I forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch " is against common sense because mouth is not the only thing you need to have lunch . " today I forgot to bring my mouth and couldn't have lunch " is against common sense because mouth is a part of the body and can't be forgotten . 
1" you need a compass to measure the distance " is against common sense because a compass can draw different distances . " you need a compass to measure the distance " is against common sense because a compass is not a measuring tool . " you need a compass to measure the distance " is against common sense because students use compasses most often . 
2" her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me " is against common sense because encouragement have many forms . " her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me " is against common sense because we shouldn't care too much about what others have said . " her snide comment about my weight greatly encouraged me " is against common sense because being laughed at by others is a painful thing . 
2" the ground was covered by wind after the storm " is against common sense because the storm will blow away everything on the ground . " the ground was covered by wind after the storm " is against common sense because the storm can bring a lot of wind . " the ground was covered by wind after the storm " is against common sense because the wind is made up of air and can cover nothing . 
1" we can see different moon by traveling " is against common sense because you can see different things in the sky in different places . " we can see different moon by traveling " is against common sense because there's only one moon in the world . " we can see different moon by traveling " is against common sense because moon can't be seen in the daytime . 
1" Jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal " is against common sense because only the policeman can arrest criminals . " Jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal " is against common sense because let others fall in love is not a crime . " Jim stole her heart and now he is a criminal " is against common sense because the criminal can be either a man or a woman . 
1" people smoke to get sick " is against common sense because some people smoke but they are healthy . " people smoke to get sick " is against common sense because nobody wants to get sick . " people smoke to get sick " is against common sense because smoking in public is prohibited . 
0" every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water " is against common sense because people wearing life jacket may still fall into the water . " every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water " is against common sense because a life jacket is a flotation device . " every boat has a life jacket to prevent a person from falling in water " is against common sense because life jackets have saved many people's life . 
2" the drink is too iced so I dropped many ice cubes in " is against common sense because cold drinks are not welcomed in winter . " the drink is too iced so I dropped many ice cubes in " is against common sense because western people are more accustomed to drinking cold drinks . " the drink is too iced so I dropped many ice cubes in " is against common sense because ice cubes will only make the drink more iced . 
2" a good cooker can cook good food " is against common sense because cooker has little to do with food's quality . " a good cooker can cook good food " is against common sense because using good cooker can also cook bad food . " a good cooker can cook good food " is against common sense because cookers are tools to cook food . 
0" we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village " is against common sense because there's no water in the wall . " we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village " is against common sense because digging on the ground only needs one people . " we dug on the wall to drill a well for the village " is against common sense because the wall is too small for a well . 
2" he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly " is against common sense because IQ is not the only thing that can influence the speed of learning . " he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly " is against common sense because smart people can also do things slowly . " he is such a smart boy that he learns everything slowly " is against common sense because smart people learn things fast . 
0" he can't walk with an injured hand " is against common sense because we don't use hand to walk . " he can't walk with an injured hand " is against common sense because strenuous exercise is not conducive to recovery . " he can't walk with an injured hand " is against common sense because people can't wear shoes with injured hands . 
1" I was so hungry that I ate the whole elephant " is against common sense because eating elephants is not allowed in many countries . " I was so hungry that I ate the whole elephant " is against common sense because an elephant is too big for a human's stomach . " I was so hungry that I ate the whole elephant " is against common sense because overeating is not healthy . 
1" the chef is hired to eat food for customers " is against common sense because people don't want someone else to eat their food . " the chef is hired to eat food for customers " is against common sense because the chef's job is cooking . " the chef is hired to eat food for customers " is against common sense because people can also get food without a chef . 
1" he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone " is against common sense because nice people will also be angry . " he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone " is against common sense because it's very rude to yell at others . " he is a nice boy because he yells at everyone " is against common sense because sometimes you can have a clearer expression with a loud voice . 
0" my cat feeds me every day " is against common sense because animals can't prepare food for humans . " my cat feeds me every day " is against common sense because you need to be responsible for your pet . " my cat feeds me every day " is against common sense because pets like staying with their owners . 
1" I put on my clothes to take a shower " is against common sense because clothes shouldn't be washed with the body together . " I put on my clothes to take a shower " is against common sense because your body can't get clean with clothes worn . " I put on my clothes to take a shower " is against common sense because washing machine is a better choice for washing clothes . 
2" Tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning " is against common sense because Tom may broke the glass again . " Tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning " is against common sense because glass shards may hurt people . " Tom smashed glass and reused it after cleaning " is against common sense because a glass can't be reused after breaking in pieces . 
0" I stored my boxes in a book " is against common sense because there's no space in a book to store boxes . " I stored my boxes in a book " is against common sense because boxes are very useful and shouldn't be stored . " I stored my boxes in a book " is against common sense because it's inconvenient to read with things stored in books . 
1" you have to sing if you want to catch a fish " is against common sense because singing is a good choice when you feel bored . " you have to sing if you want to catch a fish " is against common sense because you can catch a fish without singing . " you have to sing if you want to catch a fish " is against common sense because fishing is prohibited in certain waters . 
0" I need to go to the hospital to treat my tail " is against common sense because humans don't have tails . " I need to go to the hospital to treat my tail " is against common sense because the tail is important to animals to keep balance . " I need to go to the hospital to treat my tail " is against common sense because it's difficult to move with an injured tail . 
0" he got married and became a single man " is against common sense because married people are not single . " he got married and became a single man " is against common sense because living a single life will make people feel lonely . " he got married and became a single man " is against common sense because marriage is a happy thing . 
0" trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down " is against common sense because leaves have nothing to do with fixing trees . " trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down " is against common sense because trees will no longer grow leaves after being knocked down . " trees grow leaves to prevent being knocked down " is against common sense because trees will stop growing without leaves . 
1" we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining " is against common sense because not all the people like sunny day . " we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining " is against common sense because most people consider sunny day a pleasant thing . " we are all very angry that it's sunny again after so many days raining " is against common sense because rain is an important source of water for people . 
0" I'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs " is against common sense because people can't walk in the handrail . " I'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs " is against common sense because going upstairs without the handrail is dangerous . " I'm looking for the handrail to go upstairs " is against common sense because taking the elevator up and down the stairs is the easiest way . 
1" I applied for the job to relax " is against common sense because you can relax beyond working hours . " I applied for the job to relax " is against common sense because work is a burden for most people . " I applied for the job to relax " is against common sense because most adults need a job . 
0" I bought a new toothbrush to clean my face " is against common sense because toothbrush is used to clean teeth . " I bought a new toothbrush to clean my face " is against common sense because toothbrush should be replaced at regular intervals . " I bought a new toothbrush to clean my face " is against common sense because the face is too big for the toothbrush . 
0" I used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach " is against common sense because rain isn't the main cause of drenching on the beach . " I used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach " is against common sense because people prefer to go to the beach on a sunny day . " I used an umbrella to avoid drenching on the beach " is against common sense because people don't mind getting wet if they choose to go to the beach . 
0" I hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets " is against common sense because ticket windows don't buy tickets from customers . " I hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets " is against common sense because no customer wants to buy tickets from other customers . " I hurried to the ticket window to sell two tickets " is against common sense because in many situations one person can only buy one ticket . 
0" bad luck is part of the reason I can succeed " is against common sense because bad luck leads to bad things . " bad luck is part of the reason I can succeed " is against common sense because nobody wants bad luck . " bad luck is part of the reason I can succeed " is against common sense because a person can also succeed even if he is an unfortunate person . 
2" I connected to the hi-fi to shop online " is against common sense because people still enjoy shopping in the offline store . " I connected to the hi-fi to shop online " is against common sense because the hi-fi can work without the Internet . " I connected to the hi-fi to shop online " is against common sense because people can shop online without the hi-fi . 
2" Alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project " is against common sense because being in charge of a project means you are responsible for everything . " Alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project " is against common sense because it's ok to be lazy in free time . " Alice lacks the laziness to be in charge of a project " is against common sense because being in charge of a project doesn't need laziness . 
2" as a butcher, I killed farmers every day " is against common sense because nobody wants to work everyday . " as a butcher, I killed farmers every day " is against common sense because butchers and farmers often have deals . " as a butcher, I killed farmers every day " is against common sense because murder is against the law . 
0" tomato paste is common in the bathroom " is against common sense because the tomato paste is mostly used in the kitchen . " tomato paste is common in the bathroom " is against common sense because the tomato paste is well used for flavor . " tomato paste is common in the bathroom " is against common sense because the tomato paste is red . 
2" my baby needs a bottle of beer every day " is against common sense because beer is bitter and babies like things sweet . " my baby needs a bottle of beer every day " is against common sense because a bottle of drink is too much for a baby . " my baby needs a bottle of beer every day " is against common sense because babies don't need beer . 
0" he brought a moon for his wife " is against common sense because no one can buy moon now . " he brought a moon for his wife " is against common sense because moon belongs to everyone . " he brought a moon for his wife " is against common sense because you can see moon every night in the sky . 
0" Tom hunted a bear in the library " is against common sense because the library isn't the habitat of bears . " Tom hunted a bear in the library " is against common sense because the bear can kill a man easily . " Tom hunted a bear in the library " is against common sense because bears are very rare now so we shouldnt hunt them . 
1" he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy " is against common sense because he can make breakfast in the kitchen . " he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy " is against common sense because kitchen doesn't have sleep equipment . " he went to the kitchen because he felt sleepy " is against common sense because he overworked in the daytime so he felt sleepy . 
1" he was very sad when his pay raised " is against common sense because money is not the most important thing for some people . " he was very sad when his pay raised " is against common sense because have higher payment is a good thing . " he was very sad when his pay raised " is against common sense because not everything can be bought by money . 
2" the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands " is against common sense because kangaroos come from Australia . " the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands " is against common sense because kangaroos have too many babies and they don't have enough hands . " the baby kangaroo will be put in its mother's hands " is against common sense because kangaroos stay in their mothers' pouch when they are young . 
2" we always drink apples at breakfast " is against common sense because some people don't like apples . " we always drink apples at breakfast " is against common sense because apples are tasty and nutritious . " we always drink apples at breakfast " is against common sense because apples are not liquid . 
1" I felt energetic after having expired food " is against common sense because expired food is some poor people's food . " I felt energetic after having expired food " is against common sense because expired food is bad for health . " I felt energetic after having expired food " is against common sense because expired food doesnt taste good . 
1" a credit card allows me not to pay money " is against common sense because only thief can take things free . " a credit card allows me not to pay money " is against common sense because you need to pay money back to the bank after using a credit card . " a credit card allows me not to pay money " is against common sense because you need to apply to the bank for credit cards . 
2" I do homework every day to keep healthy " is against common sense because doing homework is important to pass the exam . " I do homework every day to keep healthy " is against common sense because doing homework can take up most time of a day . " I do homework every day to keep healthy " is against common sense because doing homework can't make you healthier . 
0" I built a car in the store " is against common sense because there's no equipment to build a car in the store . " I built a car in the store " is against common sense because a person can be unsatisfied with all the cars exhibited in the store . " I built a car in the store " is against common sense because there are just a few kinds of cars in the store . 
1" she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well " is against common sense because water polo is a difficult sport . " she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well " is against common sense because swimming is only a part of playing water ball . " she is good at swimming so she plays water polo well " is against common sense because a water polo game needs more than one players . 
1" I swim well so I have an advantage in art " is against common sense because people can be both good at swimming and art . " I swim well so I have an advantage in art " is against common sense because swimming is not a kind of art . " I swim well so I have an advantage in art " is against common sense because swimming well needs strict training . 
2" her skin got whiter after sunbathing " is against common sense because sunbathing can lead to many health problems . " her skin got whiter after sunbathing " is against common sense because many girls want to have white skin . " her skin got whiter after sunbathing " is against common sense because sunlight can make skin darker . 
0" I speeded up my car to park it " is against common sense because the faster a car runs the more difficult it is to stop it . " I speeded up my car to park it " is against common sense because keeping speeding up will lead to over-speed driving . " I speeded up my car to park it " is against common sense because parking is only allowed at designated locations . 
0" I am looking for a new wife after being fired " is against common sense because what you lost is a job when you are fired . " I am looking for a new wife after being fired " is against common sense because your wife will encourage when you encounter setbacks . " I am looking for a new wife after being fired " is against common sense because holding a wedding needs money . 
2" you need hardware or software to surf the Internet " is against common sense because it's very easy to connect to the Internet nowadays . " you need hardware or software to surf the Internet " is against common sense because sometimes we can't get hardware and software in the same place . " you need hardware or software to surf the Internet " is against common sense because we can't surf the Internet with only hardware or software . 
2" I helped the robot to find its dad " is against common sense because one day robots will have human feelings . " I helped the robot to find its dad " is against common sense because it's easy to distinguish a robot . " I helped the robot to find its dad " is against common sense because robots are all from the factory . 
0" I prepared some fuel to power myself " is against common sense because humans don't eat fuel . " I prepared some fuel to power myself " is against common sense because the taste of fuel is bad . " I prepared some fuel to power myself " is against common sense because sleep is the most effective way to power people . 
2" policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home " is against common sense because the policeman is often very busy . " policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home " is against common sense because criminals often hide at home to avoid arrest . " policeman tried to arrest criminals to send them home " is against common sense because criminals are punished by staying in prison . 
0" I will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if I'm alive " is against common sense because a person can't go to the hospital if he is dead . " I will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if I'm alive " is against common sense because the hospital can't make dead people alive again . " I will go to the hospital tomorrow to check if I'm alive " is against common sense because hospitals have saved a lot of people's lives . 
0" I saw the sound of the birds " is against common sense because sound can't be seen . " I saw the sound of the birds " is against common sense because birds may not be singing when you see it . " I saw the sound of the birds " is against common sense because most birds are afraid of people . 
2" nurses take care of doctors " is against common sense because no one will take care of the doctor . " nurses take care of doctors " is against common sense because doctors and nurses often work together . " nurses take care of doctors " is against common sense because doctors don't need the care of nurses . 
1" the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match " is against common sense because soccer field doesn't have a good perspective of watching the game . " the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match " is against common sense because soccer field is used to play soccer . " the fans sat in the soccer field to enjoy the football match " is against common sense because soccer field can't accommodate many people . 
0" I called a taxi and paid for the car " is against common sense because taxi isn't a car for sale . " I called a taxi and paid for the car " is against common sense because the taxi driver won't agree to sell the car . " I called a taxi and paid for the car " is against common sense because to be a driver, you need to have a car first . 
0" I keep things messy so that I can find something quick " is against common sense because it's difficult to find things in a mass . " I keep things messy so that I can find something quick " is against common sense because keeping things messy is a bad habit . " I keep things messy so that I can find something quick " is against common sense because when you try to find something you need to be patient . 
0" I wore my wedding ring on my left foot " is against common sense because ring should be worn on the hand . " I wore my wedding ring on my left foot " is against common sense because walking with a ring on your feet is very uncomfortable . " I wore my wedding ring on my left foot " is against common sense because wedding rings need to be kept safe . 
0" a ruler can help you do sums faster " is against common sense because rulers can't calculate numbers . " a ruler can help you do sums faster " is against common sense because you can use rulers to get data . " a ruler can help you do sums faster " is against common sense because you can do sums without any tools . 
2" villagers planted a well to get water " is against common sense because villagers need water to farm . " villagers planted a well to get water " is against common sense because the well grows too slow . " villagers planted a well to get water " is against common sense because the well is not a plant . 
0" I used steel to make a fish tank by myself " is against common sense because making fish tanks need transparent material . " I used steel to make a fish tank by myself " is against common sense because steel is one of the most sturdy materials . " I used steel to make a fish tank by myself " is against common sense because using steel to make fish tanks is too expensive . 
2" I put my books in the wine rack " is against common sense because people are unable to understand the book when they are drunk . " I put my books in the wine rack " is against common sense because reading books with a cup of drink is very elegant . " I put my books in the wine rack " is against common sense because the wine rack isn't suitable for putting books . 
1" everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her " is against common sense because we can't judge others only by appearance . " everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her " is against common sense because we can't judge one's appearance by smelling . " everyone is amazed at her appearance when they first time smell her " is against common sense because bathing on a regular basis will make you smell good . 
1" we need woods to produce erasers " is against common sense because the eraser is a common stationery . " we need woods to produce erasers " is against common sense because erasers are made by rubber . " we need woods to produce erasers " is against common sense because extensive deforestation is not environmentally friendly . 
1" I sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation " is against common sense because people usually change clothes before sunbathing . " I sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation " is against common sense because there's no sun light in the dressing room . " I sunbathe on the dressing room every summer vacation " is against common sense because staying in a dressing room for a long time is really weird . 
1" a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes " is against common sense because people can only do indoor activities on rainy days . " a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes " is against common sense because clothes dry very slow in a damp environment . " a rainy day is a good chance to dry the clothes " is against common sense because we can use the rain water to wash clothes . 
1" if you are robbed you should call the firefighter " is against common sense because people may feel too scared and don't know what to do . " if you are robbed you should call the firefighter " is against common sense because firefighters are responsible for handling fires . " if you are robbed you should call the firefighter " is against common sense because robbery usually happens in the bank . 
0" he had an operation on his mind yesterday " is against common sense because the mind is not a human organ . " he had an operation on his mind yesterday " is against common sense because operation on mind is very dangerous . " he had an operation on his mind yesterday " is against common sense because curing mental illness is very difficult . 
2" the bait is a very common dish for coastal people " is against common sense because nobody knows how to cook the bait . " the bait is a very common dish for coastal people " is against common sense because fishermen can still fish without the bait . " the bait is a very common dish for coastal people " is against common sense because the bait is not food for people . 
1" I see a duck diving in the river " is against common sense because the river will be too cold to swim in winter . " I see a duck diving in the river " is against common sense because the duck can't dive in the water . " I see a duck diving in the river " is against common sense because ducks can avoid natural enemies by diving . 
0" I spent more time on having fun so I had better grades " is against common sense because having fun can't help you study better . " I spent more time on having fun so I had better grades " is against common sense because all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy . " I spent more time on having fun so I had better grades " is against common sense because many people met their best friends in school . 
1" I bought some beef from the butcher to restock my freezer " is against common sense because we need diet balance to keep healthy . " I bought some beef from the butcher to restock my freezer " is against common sense because butchers only sell meat products . " I bought some beef from the butcher to restock my freezer " is against common sense because butchers like eating apples too . 
0" I use the fork to cut the beef " is against common sense because the fork is not suitable for cutting . " I use the fork to cut the beef " is against common sense because forks are more useful in eating steak . " I use the fork to cut the beef " is against common sense because beef doesn't need to be cut . 
1" eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight " is against common sense because people can keep healthy by eating healthy food . " eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight " is against common sense because eating too much can't help you lose weight . " eating too much is an unhealthy way to lose weight " is against common sense because eating will make people happy . 
2" she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school " is against common sense because only the best students can be admitted to the best school . " she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school " is against common sense because she don't know school the school is the best . " she was very angry when her son was admitted to the best school " is against common sense because parents want their kids to go to the best school . 
2" wine cellars are not just for drinking " is against common sense because wine cellars are not open to everyone . " wine cellars are not just for drinking " is against common sense because people often chat with others when they are drinking . " wine cellars are not just for drinking " is against common sense because wine cellars are used to store wine . 
0" my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills " is against common sense because stimulant pills will make people feel more excited . " my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills " is against common sense because we should take stimulants under the guidance of doctors . " my grandpa can't sleep so he took stimulant pills " is against common sense because there are many other ways to help people fall asleep . 
0" I'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter " is against common sense because the policeman only handles crimes . " I'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter " is against common sense because policemen are too busy to mail the letter . " I'm looking for a policeman to mail the letter " is against common sense because everyone uses email now . 
2" every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy " is against common sense because cats eat different food . " every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy " is against common sense because bamboo is very easy to get . " every time my cat eats bamboo it is very happy " is against common sense because cats don't eat bamboo . 
2" we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare " is against common sense because pandas are one of the most popular animals in the zoo . " we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare " is against common sense because there are many wild pandas now . " we protect pandas in the zoo so they are rare " is against common sense because zoos also collect common animals . 
1" she can become a model because she is out of shape " is against common sense because she eats too much so she is out of shape . " she can become a model because she is out of shape " is against common sense because a model needs a good figure . " she can become a model because she is out of shape " is against common sense because people always admire models . 
0" she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets " is against common sense because salt can't make food sweeter . " she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets " is against common sense because too much salt can lead to death . " she asked the cook to add more salt because she loved sweets " is against common sense because sweet food is an important cause of obesity . 
2" we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking " is against common sense because listening carefully during classes is a good thing . " we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking " is against common sense because sometimes we are very curious about what others are thinking . " we listened carefully to what the teacher was thinking " is against common sense because people can't hear others' mind . 
2" you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection " is against common sense because wearing a hat is impolite on some occasions . " you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection " is against common sense because hats are useful when the sunlight is glaring . " you need a hat to prevent the spread of infection " is against common sense because hats can't stop the infection . 
1" I bought a razor for my mother as a gift " is against common sense because children shouldn't buy expensive gifts for parents . " I bought a razor for my mother as a gift " is against common sense because woman don't sprout a beard . " I bought a razor for my mother as a gift " is against common sense because usually children love their parents very much . 
2" you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing " is against common sense because you don't want your phone rings when you are in a meeting . " you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing " is against common sense because sometimes you don't want to pick up someone's phone . " you need to hang off the phone when the phone is ringing " is against common sense because the phone ringing means a call came in . 
2" we agreed on a location before we had a call " is against common sense because sometimes it's a difficult thing to reach an agreement . " we agreed on a location before we had a call " is against common sense because people can't answer the phone when they are busy . " we agreed on a location before we had a call " is against common sense because calling doesn't require people to stay in the same place . 
2" the root shelters us from the rain " is against common sense because we usually use umbrellas on rainy days . " the root shelters us from the rain " is against common sense because trees can't live without roots . " the root shelters us from the rain " is against common sense because the root grows underground . 
1" we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant " is against common sense because we should share our food with others . " we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant " is against common sense because ordering too much food will cause food waste . " we should order as much food as we can in the restaurant " is against common sense because the restaurant don't have so much food . 
0" Muslims do not eat pork because of the taste " is against common sense because Islam doesn't allow believers to eat pork . " Muslims do not eat pork because of the taste " is against common sense because now people are becoming more aware of protecting animals . " Muslims do not eat pork because of the taste " is against common sense because the taste of the pork is decided by chefs . 
0" Coca-Cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name " is against common sense because people are attracted by the taste of the drink . " Coca-Cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name " is against common sense because nobody likes Coca-Cola's name . " Coca-Cola has been popular for hundreds of years because of its name " is against common sense because it's amazing that a drink can be popular for hundreds of years . 
1" I just can't balance myself to drive the car " is against common sense because you can learn driving faster if you have some gifts . " I just can't balance myself to drive the car " is against common sense because driving doesn't require drivers to balance themselves . " I just can't balance myself to drive the car " is against common sense because it's ok to make some mistakes during your learning . 
0" he grew up one year younger after every birthday " is against common sense because people can't grow younger . " he grew up one year younger after every birthday " is against common sense because people usually feel very happy on their birthday . " he grew up one year younger after every birthday " is against common sense because many people want to be young again . 
2" air conditioning can change the brightness effectively " is against common sense because there are many kinds of lighting tools . " air conditioning can change the brightness effectively " is against common sense because air conditioning consumes a lot of electricity . " air conditioning can change the brightness effectively " is against common sense because air conditioning is not used for lighting . 
0" I got married after I found out that my wife had cheated on me " is against common sense because no one will marry an unfaithful woman . " I got married after I found out that my wife had cheated on me " is against common sense because the husband can choose to forgive his wife . " I got married after I found out that my wife had cheated on me " is against common sense because marriage is one of the most important things in a person's life . 
2" I used the water to pack the pork " is against common sense because both people and pigs can't live without water . " I used the water to pack the pork " is against common sense because we should use water to clean the pork before cooking it . " I used the water to pack the pork " is against common sense because only solid can pack things . 
1" I need toothpaste to take a shower " is against common sense because some toothpaste can't clean things well . " I need toothpaste to take a shower " is against common sense because toothpaste is used to brush teeth . " I need toothpaste to take a shower " is against common sense because people may forget to carry a toothpaste when they go on a trip . 
0" the heroine kisses the audience in this movie " is against common sense because people in the movie can't interact with the audience . " the heroine kisses the audience in this movie " is against common sense because we shouldn't kiss strangers . " the heroine kisses the audience in this movie " is against common sense because things that are impossible in life can happen in movies . 
1" people in the desert don't need water " is against common sense because people can live without water for about three days . " people in the desert don't need water " is against common sense because everyone needs to drink water . " people in the desert don't need water " is against common sense because some people prefer drinks to water . 
0" queuing is a punishment for destroying order " is against common sense because people who haven't made mistakes should also line up . " queuing is a punishment for destroying order " is against common sense because nobody wants to stand in a long queue . " queuing is a punishment for destroying order " is against common sense because people who break the rules should be punished more severely . 
1" ears are the organs we use to breathe " is against common sense because we can don't breathe for a few seconds . " ears are the organs we use to breathe " is against common sense because ears are used to listen . " ears are the organs we use to breathe " is against common sense because we can use mouth to breathe too . 
0" we planted mines for a better world " is against common sense because mines kill people and make the world worse . " we planted mines for a better world " is against common sense because only a few people can't change the world . " we planted mines for a better world " is against common sense because mines can protect us . 
0" running can improve our thinking ability " is against common sense because running improves our athletic ability . " running can improve our thinking ability " is against common sense because thinking ability is an important ability for everyone . " running can improve our thinking ability " is against common sense because running consumes too much energy . 
0" spring is the season of harvest " is against common sense because spring is the season of sowing . " spring is the season of harvest " is against common sense because there are four seasons in one year . " spring is the season of harvest " is against common sense because it rains too much in spring . 
1" advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products " is against common sense because every product has its advantages and disadvantages . " advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products " is against common sense because advertising is designed to attract people to buy products . " advertising is used to show the shortcomings of products " is against common sense because customers are more concerned about the advantages . 
0" she employs a chef because she can't drive " is against common sense because the chef can't help her drive her car . " she employs a chef because she can't drive " is against common sense because chefs can't cook food in a car . " she employs a chef because she can't drive " is against common sense because employing a chef costs a lot of money . 
0" it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother " is against common sense because speaking to mother is a normal thing . " it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother " is against common sense because we speak less to our mothers when we grow older . " it's a great honor for me to have a talk with my mother " is against common sense because we should respect our parents . 
2" he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation " is against common sense because doing calculation can improve our math ability . " he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation " is against common sense because calculator is a good learning tool . " he needed a calculator to solve this simple calculation " is against common sense because people can solve simple calculations by ourselves . 
2" chatting with American is good for our Chinese learning " is against common sense because more and more people speak Chinese now . " chatting with American is good for our Chinese learning " is against common sense because now we can chat with foreigners on the Internet . " chatting with American is good for our Chinese learning " is against common sense because American doesn't speak Chinese . 
2" farmers can pick up apples on the ground " is against common sense because we should treasure our books . " farmers can pick up apples on the ground " is against common sense because not everyone has books . " farmers can pick up apples on the ground " is against common sense because books are not containers . 
1" Americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken English " is against common sense because it's impossible to speak local language standardly for foreigners . " Americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken English " is against common sense because standard English is easy to understand for Americans . " Americans couldn't understand what he said because of his standard spoken English " is against common sense because learning a foreign language is very useful . 
2" illness can be cured during routine physicals " is against common sense because curing illness needs a long time . " illness can be cured during routine physicals " is against common sense because doing routine physicals needs to be allowed by doctors . " illness can be cured during routine physicals " is against common sense because routine physicals don't include any treatment . 
2" I earned money by sleeping " is against common sense because you can do nothing without sleeping . " I earned money by sleeping " is against common sense because you can make a lot of money in your dreams . " I earned money by sleeping " is against common sense because nobody will pay you for sleeping . 
2" my father found that he was pregnant yesterday " is against common sense because parents can have more than one child . " my father found that he was pregnant yesterday " is against common sense because men don't want to be pregnant . " my father found that he was pregnant yesterday " is against common sense because only women can be pregnant . 
0" my nice wearing left a bad impression on him " is against common sense because people admire those wearing nicely . " my nice wearing left a bad impression on him " is against common sense because we shouldn't judge someone only through his appearance . " my nice wearing left a bad impression on him " is against common sense because the first impression may change later . 
1" my new day began with a beautiful afternoon " is against common sense because some people will have a sleep in the afternoon . " my new day began with a beautiful afternoon " is against common sense because afternoon comes later than morning in a day . " my new day began with a beautiful afternoon " is against common sense because few people get up in the afternoon . 
0" I bought some beds to open a cafe " is against common sense because the cafe is not a place to sleep . " I bought some beds to open a cafe " is against common sense because sitting on the bed is uncomfortable . " I bought some beds to open a cafe " is against common sense because beds are too expensive . 
2" rice is the main food for all the people " is against common sense because we can also live without the main food . " rice is the main food for all the people " is against common sense because Asians love rice most . " rice is the main food for all the people " is against common sense because not everyone eats rice . 
2" the game company makes games for encouragement " is against common sense because players will praise a good game . " the game company makes games for encouragement " is against common sense because many people download games free on the Internet . " the game company makes games for encouragement " is against common sense because people set up companies to make money . 
0" the shopping mall is filled with car parks " is against common sense because the shopping mall is mainly used for shopping . " the shopping mall is filled with car parks " is against common sense because most shopping malls will provide parking lots to customers . " the shopping mall is filled with car parks " is against common sense because not all the customers drive to shopping malls . 
2" the poem used many beautiful pictures " is against common sense because pictures are more difficult to understand . " the poem used many beautiful pictures " is against common sense because poets don't know how to draw . " the poem used many beautiful pictures " is against common sense because a poem is made of words . 
1" a wall without touching the sky is impossible " is against common sense because it would be too expensive if the wall was built too high . " a wall without touching the sky is impossible " is against common sense because no wall can touch the sky . " a wall without touching the sky is impossible " is against common sense because nothing is impossible . 
2" the handle on the door is for decoration " is against common sense because some decorations can also be very useful . " the handle on the door is for decoration " is against common sense because doors look better without handles . " the handle on the door is for decoration " is against common sense because the handle on the door is a very practical thing . 
2" newspapers are printed by journalists " is against common sense because journalists can be taught how to print newspapers . " newspapers are printed by journalists " is against common sense because now more and more people no longer choose paper newspapers . " newspapers are printed by journalists " is against common sense because journalists write articles in a newspaper . 
0" I need to buy a CD to watch videos at home " is against common sense because a CD can't store videos . " I need to buy a CD to watch videos at home " is against common sense because watching videos at home doesn't need CDs anymore . " I need to buy a CD to watch videos at home " is against common sense because renting CDs is a cheaper choice . 
1" you can download a wrench on the Internet to fix the windows " is against common sense because windows can be fixed with other tools . " you can download a wrench on the Internet to fix the windows " is against common sense because hardware can't be downloaded . " you can download a wrench on the Internet to fix the windows " is against common sense because we can't get everything on the Internet . 
1" I bought a headphone to share the music with others " is against common sense because playing music outside can be annoying . " I bought a headphone to share the music with others " is against common sense because the headphone is a private music player . " I bought a headphone to share the music with others " is against common sense because others can use their own phones to enjoy music . 
1" my parents went to the same public toilet just now " is against common sense because couples often go to the same place together . " my parents went to the same public toilet just now " is against common sense because public toilets are divided by different genders . " my parents went to the same public toilet just now " is against common sense because people still need private space after getting married . 
2" my mother asks me to litter my room every day " is against common sense because once you litter your room, it will be messy forever . " my mother asks me to litter my room every day " is against common sense because kids will litter their rooms without parents' reminding . " my mother asks me to litter my room every day " is against common sense because parents want their kids' rooms clean and tidy . 
1" programmers plant crops every day to earn money " is against common sense because programmers can't work without eating crops . " programmers plant crops every day to earn money " is against common sense because programmers are not farmers . " programmers plant crops every day to earn money " is against common sense because programmers can use money to buy crops . 
1" you don't need learning to be a musician " is against common sense because everyone can be a musician because everyone can sing by nature . " you don't need learning to be a musician " is against common sense because musicians need to have a lot of professional knowledge . " you don't need learning to be a musician " is against common sense because to be a musician you need gifts . 
1" the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment " is against common sense because you can fall asleep in noisy environments as long as you are tired enough . " the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment " is against common sense because libraries are not used for sleeping . " the library is a good place to sleep because of its quiet environment " is against common sense because libraries don't open in the evening . 
1" I'm writing code on the paper " is against common sense because you can write nothing without pencils . " I'm writing code on the paper " is against common sense because code on the paper can't run . " I'm writing code on the paper " is against common sense because code on the paper can't be deleted . 
2" I used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly " is against common sense because more and more people began to concern environmental problems . " I used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly " is against common sense because now supermarkets don't provide free plastic bags . " I used plastic bags to be environmentally friendly " is against common sense because plastic bags have caused many environmental problems . 
0" we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight " is against common sense because the sun is on the other side of the earth in the night . " we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight " is against common sense because people should go to bed in the night rather than keeping working . " we can work in the night thanks to the sunlight " is against common sense because someone turns off the sunlight in the night . 
1" soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle " is against common sense because war in the forest is not environmentally friendly . " soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle " is against common sense because fatigues are used to camouflage something . " soldiers wore fatigues to be attractive in the jungle " is against common sense because soldiers need comrades' attention in a battle . 
0" I gradually recalled something due to the memory decay " is against common sense because recalling something requires a good memory . " I gradually recalled something due to the memory decay " is against common sense because memory decay can be cured . " I gradually recalled something due to the memory decay " is against common sense because forgetting something bad is better than recalling it . 
2" Japanese has borrowed heavily from barking " is against common sense because Japanese has its own vocabulary and doesn't need to borrow from other languages . " Japanese has borrowed heavily from barking " is against common sense because barking is annoying for everyone . " Japanese has borrowed heavily from barking " is against common sense because barking is not a human language . 
1" I need a stamp to send this email " is against common sense because stamps are totally useless now . " I need a stamp to send this email " is against common sense because sending emails doesn't need stamps . " I need a stamp to send this email " is against common sense because electricity is more important than stamps in sending emails . 
2" I encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness " is against common sense because daughters need the company of their fathers as they grow up . " I encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness " is against common sense because it takes great courage to walk alone in the darkness . " I encourage my daughter to walk alone in the darkness " is against common sense because walking alone in darkness is considered a dangerous thing . 
1" the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet " is against common sense because people will be stupid if their brain get wet . " the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet " is against common sense because rain can't get into people's heads . " the rain fell into my head and my brain got wet " is against common sense because you can avoid getting wet by using umbrellas . 
0" I can't live without snacks " is against common sense because you can eat other food to live . " I can't live without snacks " is against common sense because snacks can make people full just like main food . " I can't live without snacks " is against common sense because eating too many snacks will cause the over-weight problem . 
2" this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees " is against common sense because farmers don't need to pick leaves because leaves fall in autumn themselves . " this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees " is against common sense because it's impossible to pick all the leaves in a tree . " this is a bumper harvest year, we picked tons of leaves from apple trees " is against common sense because apples are what we need in apple trees . 
1" stone can warp the paper " is against common sense because paper is easy to break . " stone can warp the paper " is against common sense because stone is not flexible . " stone can warp the paper " is against common sense because stone is harder than paper . 
2" proper temperature can be found on the south pole " is against common sense because people can only live with suitable temperature . " proper temperature can be found on the south pole " is against common sense because air conditioning can make temperature properly in anywhere . " proper temperature can be found on the south pole " is against common sense because it's always extremely cold on the south pole . 
1" proper temperature can be found on the south pole " is against common sense because people who have cars don't care about the distance too much . " proper temperature can be found on the south pole " is against common sense because farther distance is a disadvantage . " proper temperature can be found on the south pole " is against common sense because people don't necessarily just like things close to themselves . 
1" I felt happy again after eating terrible food " is against common sense because feeling happy all the time is an enviable thing . " I felt happy again after eating terrible food " is against common sense because nobody wants terrible food . " I felt happy again after eating terrible food " is against common sense because we shouldn't waste food . 
0" I need inspirations to clean bowls " is against common sense because cleaning bowls is not a creative work . " I need inspirations to clean bowls " is against common sense because inspirations are very important to artists . " I need inspirations to clean bowls " is against common sense because cleaning bowls is not a job everyone can do . 
2" the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house " is against common sense because only the criminal's house will be searched . " the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house " is against common sense because you can't recognize who is an undercover cop . " the uniform gave the police the right ro search your house " is against common sense because uniforms don't have any legal effect . 
1" I lit my house to warm myself " is against common sense because arson is a crime . " I lit my house to warm myself " is against common sense because I will have no place to stay if I burn my house . " I lit my house to warm myself " is against common sense because only wooden houses can be lit . 
1" the flowers are crying " is against common sense because flowers contain much water . " the flowers are crying " is against common sense because only animals can cry . " the flowers are crying " is against common sense because flowers always feel happy . 
0" we can talk with dogs " is against common sense because dogs can't speak humans' language . " we can talk with dogs " is against common sense because we have many other ways to communicate with dogs except talking . " we can talk with dogs " is against common sense because humans and animals can't make friends . 
1" he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses " is against common sense because it may not rain later . " he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses " is against common sense because sunglasses are used in sunny days . " he thought it would rain soon so he carried sunglasses " is against common sense because accurate forecasting of the weather is difficult . 
1" I brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty " is against common sense because many people begin their days with brushing teeth . " I brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty " is against common sense because brushing your teeth can make your teeth cleaner . " I brush my teeth every day to keep them dirty " is against common sense because some people don't care about the color of their teeth . 
1" we can use fabricated data in scientific researches " is against common sense because few people can make significant science researches . " we can use fabricated data in scientific researches " is against common sense because scientific research should be realistic . " we can use fabricated data in scientific researches " is against common sense because making fabricated data is very easy . 
0" we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road " is against common sense because traffic lights tell us if we can go across the road . " we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road " is against common sense because we can go across the road when no car is coming . " we should ignore the traffic light when we go across the road " is against common sense because we can't be distracted when we go across the road . 
2" the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside " is against common sense because we still need to develop agriculture nowadays . " the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside " is against common sense because there is more labor in the city . " the modern city is more agricultural than the countryside " is against common sense because the city doesn't have the conditions for agriculture . 
0" we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people " is against common sense because dead people can't speak anymore . " we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people " is against common sense because people often hope they can talk with someone who is dead again . " we went to the cemetery to chat with the dead people " is against common sense because many people think the cemetery is unlucky . 
2" my best friend was in my lost wallet " is against common sense because the police will find the wallet for me . " my best friend was in my lost wallet " is against common sense because losing a friend is sadder than losing money . " my best friend was in my lost wallet " is against common sense because wallet is too small for a person . 
0" if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends " is against common sense because the thing we picked up doesn't belong to us . " if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends " is against common sense because we shouldn't share our important things with others . " if we pick up other's wallet, we should share it with our friends " is against common sense because maybe there's no money at all in the wallet . 
2" the climate is a part of a nation's culture " is against common sense because the climate will influence a nation's culture . " the climate is a part of a nation's culture " is against common sense because the climate in different places is very different . " the climate is a part of a nation's culture " is against common sense because the climate is not created by humans . 
2" everyone has expensive fingerprints " is against common sense because some people only have one finger . " everyone has expensive fingerprints " is against common sense because some people's fingerprints are cheap . " everyone has expensive fingerprints " is against common sense because no one will pay for fingerprints . 
2" my heads hurt " is against common sense because doctors can cure the headache . " my heads hurt " is against common sense because headache can lead to death . " my heads hurt " is against common sense because a person only has one head . 
1" I found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit " is against common sense because there are many things in a first-aid kit . " I found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit " is against common sense because the lipstick is not a medical product . " I found a lipstick in my mother's first-aid kit " is against common sense because doctors and nurses can also make up . 
2" I fed pork to my wheat " is against common sense because there is too much wheat and it's impossible to feed all of it . " I fed pork to my wheat " is against common sense because pork is much more expensive than wheat . " I fed pork to my wheat " is against common sense because crops don't eat meat . 
0" my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer " is against common sense because plum blossoms only exist in winter . " my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer " is against common sense because some family members may don't like plum blossoms . " my family go to the park to see plum blossoms every summer " is against common sense because the park is a good place for family activities . 
2" I bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter " is against common sense because you can buy things for desert traveling in shopping malls . " I bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter " is against common sense because girls don't like the desert . " I bought some desert in the shopping mall for my daughter " is against common sense because desert can't be sold in shopping malls . 
2" low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat " is against common sense because delicious food often has higher prices . " low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat " is against common sense because thin people also like eating delicious food . " low-calorie food is more likely to make people fat " is against common sense because low-calorie food provides less energy to people . 
0" the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed " is against common sense because chickens are not mammals . " the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed " is against common sense because the chick will be eaten soon so it doesn't need to grow up . " the chick wanted to find its mother's breast to be fed " is against common sense because the hen may have been eaten already . 
2" humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology " is against common sense because we can live even longer in the future . " humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology " is against common sense because most people want to live longer . " humans' lifespan has been shortened thanks to the development of medical technology " is against common sense because advanced medical technology keeps more people away from death . 
0" one day humans will settle on another star " is against common sense because stars are not solid objects . " one day humans will settle on another star " is against common sense because nothing is impossible in the future . " one day humans will settle on another star " is against common sense because the earth is always humans' home . 
2" sailors work on the land " is against common sense because sailors have seen many islands . " sailors work on the land " is against common sense because sailors' home is on the land . " sailors work on the land " is against common sense because sailors work in ships and ships always float on the water . 
2" teachers assign housework to the students " is against common sense because sometimes doing housework is treated as a punishment . " teachers assign housework to the students " is against common sense because more and more parents think kids do too little housework nowadays . " teachers assign housework to the students " is against common sense because housework has little to do with what students learn in school . 
0" appearance is not very important for actors " is against common sense because being actors has a high requirement for appearance . " appearance is not very important for actors " is against common sense because we shouldn't judge a person only through his appearance . " appearance is not very important for actors " is against common sense because acting skills are the most important things for actors . 
1" normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party " is against common sense because clothes that suit you best may not suit others . " normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party " is against common sense because normal things can't attract people's attention . " normal wearing can cause people to notice you at the party " is against common sense because all the people want to be the center of the attention at the party . 
1" wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect " is against common sense because nobody wants to attend a funeral . " wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect " is against common sense because a party hat shows disrespect at a funeral . " wearing a party hat to attend the funeral is perfect " is against common sense because the party hat is just a decoration . 
2" you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice " is against common sense because feeling inferior may lead to many mental problems . " you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice " is against common sense because many people don't care about the appearance . " you will feel inferior about yourself when you dress nice " is against common sense because nice dress will make one feel confident . 
0" I cut my hair longer at the barber's " is against common sense because we can't make hair longer by cutting . " I cut my hair longer at the barber's " is against common sense because only good barbers can cut longer hair . " I cut my hair longer at the barber's " is against common sense because we can have a new hairstyle by ourselves . 
0" I can count the number of stars in the sky " is against common sense because there are too many stars to count in the sky . " I can count the number of stars in the sky " is against common sense because we can only see stars in the evening . " I can count the number of stars in the sky " is against common sense because you'd better lie down to count the stars . 
0" we can't breathe in the water because I don't have tails " is against common sense because the tail is not used to breathe . " we can't breathe in the water because I don't have tails " is against common sense because we can keep balance without tails . " we can't breathe in the water because I don't have tails " is against common sense because we can breathe in the water with some tools . 
1" I could drink the whiskey on his breath " is against common sense because whisky is a kind of popular wine . " I could drink the whiskey on his breath " is against common sense because we can't drink other people's breath . " I could drink the whiskey on his breath " is against common sense because we should keep a distance from the drunk people . 
0" I sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend " is against common sense because the trunk is used for storage . " I sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend " is against common sense because trunks are too small for two people . " I sat in the trunk of the taxi with my girlfriend " is against common sense because some taxis don't have trunks . 
0" chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers " is against common sense because gloves will make chefs' hands less agile . " chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers " is against common sense because gloves need to be sterilized before being worn by chefs . " chefs should wear gloves before preparing food for customers " is against common sense because chefs can prepare food without hands . 
2" people go to jail because they don't want freedom " is against common sense because people can serve their sentences at home now . " people go to jail because they don't want freedom " is against common sense because there are many much easier ways to lose freedom . " people go to jail because they don't want freedom " is against common sense because giving up the right of freedom is not the reason people go to jail . 
2" I saw snow in Singapore in June " is against common sense because there are many tourists in Singapore in June . " I saw snow in Singapore in June " is against common sense because only kids like snow . " I saw snow in Singapore in June " is against common sense because it's summer in June in Singapore . 
0" an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days " is against common sense because we don't wear umbrellas . " an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days " is against common sense because umbrellas can keep you dry in snowy days . " an umbrella can help you keep warm in snowy days " is against common sense because going outside is very crazy in snowy days . 
1" the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus " is against common sense because no student can afford planes . " the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus " is against common sense because campuses are too small to use planes . " the plane is a useful transportation tool in campus " is against common sense because plane tickets are too expensive for students . 
2" fans were sad when their team scored a goal " is against common sense because the audience watched the game on TV had no feelings at all . " fans were sad when their team scored a goal " is against common sense because fans will be sad when their team lose a game . " fans were sad when their team scored a goal " is against common sense because scoring goals means your team can win the game . 
2" I got a scholarship for cheating in the exam " is against common sense because cheating in the exam is a skillful thing . " I got a scholarship for cheating in the exam " is against common sense because you can get high scores if you cheated in the exam . " I got a scholarship for cheating in the exam " is against common sense because people should be punished rather than rewarded for cheating . 
1" the hot weather made me keep bleeding " is against common sense because too much blood loss can lead to death . " the hot weather made me keep bleeding " is against common sense because people only bleed when they are injured . " the hot weather made me keep bleeding " is against common sense because you need a doctor immediately if you are bleeding . 
1" you don't need to try out products when you shop online " is against common sense because you can spend less time in shopping if you don't try out products . " you don't need to try out products when you shop online " is against common sense because people do need to try out products when they are shopping . " you don't need to try out products when you shop online " is against common sense because you can try out products in offline shops . 
1" reading can make driving a joyful thing " is against common sense because driving is a joyful thing itself . " reading can make driving a joyful thing " is against common sense because drivers can't read books when they are driving . " reading can make driving a joyful thing " is against common sense because reading in cars will make many people feel sick . 
1" everyone said I had two beautiful mouths " is against common sense because the mouth is an important part of the face . " everyone said I had two beautiful mouths " is against common sense because a human only has one mouth . " everyone said I had two beautiful mouths " is against common sense because beautiful people are more popular . 
2" cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running " is against common sense because both cat walking and marathon running require strict training . " cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running " is against common sense because marathon is a difficult sport . " cat walking is a useful skill in marathon running " is against common sense because cat walking is used by models in the show . 
0" both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies " is against common sense because the atmosphere in funerals is sad . " both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies " is against common sense because not everyone will experience weddings . " both funerals and weddings are cheerful ceremonies " is against common sense because everyone will have his funeral . 
2" I often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when I was a boy " is against common sense because ipads are widely used in education nowadays . " I often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when I was a boy " is against common sense because only teachers can use the chalk . " I often bought chalk for teachers to write on the ipads when I was a boy " is against common sense because chalk is used to write on the blackboards . 
2" his father died for giving birth to him " is against common sense because children need parental love in the process of growing up . " his father died for giving birth to him " is against common sense because doctors will ensure the childbirth is safe . " his father died for giving birth to him " is against common sense because men can't have childbirth . 
2" gardeners grow crops in gardens " is against common sense because gardens where gardeners work usually belong to others . " gardeners grow crops in gardens " is against common sense because gardeners eat crops too . " gardeners grow crops in gardens " is against common sense because growing crops is farmers' job . 
1" I use Photoshop to change the color of my room " is against common sense because I need a computer first to use Photoshop . " I use Photoshop to change the color of my room " is against common sense because Photoshop can't change the colors in the real world . " I use Photoshop to change the color of my room " is against common sense because using Photoshop to change colors is too slow . 
1" I can't forget the night that I saw cells with telescope " is against common sense because we need light to use telescopes in the evening . " I can't forget the night that I saw cells with telescope " is against common sense because telescopes are used to observe things far away . " I can't forget the night that I saw cells with telescope " is against common sense because some cells can be seen by humans' eyes without using any tools . 
1" I burned myself accidentally when I was taking a shower " is against common sense because the process of treating burns is very painful . " I burned myself accidentally when I was taking a shower " is against common sense because we don't use fire when we take a shower . " I burned myself accidentally when I was taking a shower " is against common sense because bathrooms are usually too wet to light fire . 
0" every time I hang out at the cinema I will get drunk " is against common sense because the cinema is a place for watching movies rather than drinking . " every time I hang out at the cinema I will get drunk " is against common sense because the cinema is a boring place if you don't watch movies there . " every time I hang out at the cinema I will get drunk " is against common sense because people also chat with others at the bar . 
2" I gave birth to my grandson " is against common sense because elders love their grandchildren very much . " I gave birth to my grandson " is against common sense because more and more elders don't have grandchildren now . " I gave birth to my grandson " is against common sense because it's my children giving birth to my grandchildren . 
1" you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights " is against common sense because the security clerks will check your personal information strictly . " you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights " is against common sense because you need your passport only when you are abroad . " you should have your passport ready before you take domestic flights " is against common sense because you may lose your passport during the trip . 
0" I'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle " is against common sense because bicycles don't consume fuel . " I'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle " is against common sense because bicycles are becoming popular again . " I'm looking for a gas station to refuel my bicycle " is against common sense because riding bicycles don't require licenses . 
2" I refused to drive after drinking gas " is against common sense because not everyone knows how to drive . " I refused to drive after drinking gas " is against common sense because it's ok driving after drinking gas . " I refused to drive after drinking gas " is against common sense because humans can't drink gas . 
1" mushrooms are a very rare dish in Asia " is against common sense because mushrooms are not popular in Europe . " mushrooms are a very rare dish in Asia " is against common sense because most people can get mushrooms to eat easily . " mushrooms are a very rare dish in Asia " is against common sense because mushrooms are many people's favorite food . 
1" we can change our fingerprints when we want " is against common sense because people don't have hands have no fingerprints . " we can change our fingerprints when we want " is against common sense because humans' fingerprints can't be changed . " we can change our fingerprints when we want " is against common sense because different people have different fingerprints . 
1" flu can spread easily through eye contact " is against common sense because sick people will be isolated so they can see no one . " flu can spread easily through eye contact " is against common sense because the disease can't spread through eye contact . " flu can spread easily through eye contact " is against common sense because flu is not a serious illness . 
2" my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time " is against common sense because the first menstrual cycle means you are in adolescence now . " my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time " is against common sense because you may be pregnant if you missed your period . " my son was terrified when he menstruated for the first time " is against common sense because only females menstruate . 
1" waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering " is against common sense because humans have made great progress in modern engineering . " waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering " is against common sense because waterfalls are not created by humans . " waterfalls are a feat of modern engineering " is against common sense because there are many spectacular waterfalls in the world . 
2" I'm so busy that I haven't slept for two years " is against common sense because sleeping is one of the most comfortable things . " I'm so busy that I haven't slept for two years " is against common sense because we can refresh ourselves by drinking coffee . " I'm so busy that I haven't slept for two years " is against common sense because it's impossible for people not to sleep for two years . 
2" we can't breathe without the noses " is against common sense because noses are also important for the sense of smell . " we can't breathe without the noses " is against common sense because it's impossible for us to have no noses . " we can't breathe without the noses " is against common sense because we can also use mouth to breathe . 
2" I brought my friendship to float in the sea " is against common sense because floating in the sea would be more interesting with friends . " I brought my friendship to float in the sea " is against common sense because we should treasure our friendships . " I brought my friendship to float in the sea " is against common sense because friendship is not a ship . 
0" he won a prize as best thief " is against common sense because no one will award the thief . " he won a prize as best thief " is against common sense because winning a prize is a cheerful thing . " he won a prize as best thief " is against common sense because thieves will be sent to prison . 
0" I don't know what's my real gender " is against common sense because people know their genders . " I don't know what's my real gender " is against common sense because people of different genders are very different . " I don't know what's my real gender " is against common sense because people want to learn themselves . 
2" Joel said hello to his kids before traveling to Africa " is against common sense because travelling to foreign countries takes a long time . " Joel said hello to his kids before traveling to Africa " is against common sense because we say hello to almost all the people . " Joel said hello to his kids before traveling to Africa " is against common sense because people say goodbye to each other when they are about to be separated . 
1" you will find a payment counter in a police station " is against common sense because policemen need income too . " you will find a payment counter in a police station " is against common sense because the police station is not a place of consumption . " you will find a payment counter in a police station " is against common sense because we can't walk around the police station without permission . 
2" writing a story requires a beautiful voice " is against common sense because there are more and more audiobooks on the Internet . " writing a story requires a beautiful voice " is against common sense because writing a story doesn't need a quiet environment . " writing a story requires a beautiful voice " is against common sense because voice is useless in writing a story . 
2" a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place " is against common sense because you should be careful when you are in a high place . " a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place " is against common sense because life jackets are designed to save people's lives . " a life jacket can save your life when you are falling from a high place " is against common sense because life jackets are used to float in water . 
1" I love my girlfriend and I want to break up with her " is against common sense because the girlfriend may have fallen in love with others already . " I love my girlfriend and I want to break up with her " is against common sense because people don't want to break up with their lovers . " I love my girlfriend and I want to break up with her " is against common sense because some people have no lovers for the whole lifetime . 
0" humans can be identified by their unique names " is against common sense because different people may have the same names . " humans can be identified by their unique names " is against common sense because a person's name should be included in his self-introduction . " humans can be identified by their unique names " is against common sense because other people will remember your name but forget other information easily . 
0" it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up " is against common sense because the rain will bring water to the river . " it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up " is against common sense because drought is a type of extreme weather . " it has been rainy for a long time and the river dried up " is against common sense because the rain is expected in dry places . 
2" I attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings " is against common sense because classical music can remind me of classical paintings . " I attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings " is against common sense because both music and painting are forms of art . " I attended a classical concert to enjoy the paintings " is against common sense because the concert is a music activity . 
2" music is a form of artist " is against common sense because both artists and music are great . " music is a form of artist " is against common sense because music has its own charm compared with other art forms . " music is a form of artist " is against common sense because artists are humans . 
2" a plastic stove is a heat source " is against common sense because stove is not a modern heat source . " a plastic stove is a heat source " is against common sense because plastic has been used in every corner in our life . " a plastic stove is a heat source " is against common sense because plastic can't burn . 
1" where knowledge begins, science ends " is against common sense because science has made great contributions to all mankind . " where knowledge begins, science ends " is against common sense because knowledge promotes the development of science . " where knowledge begins, science ends " is against common sense because knowledge has begun in everyone . 
0" many animals eat air but humans don't " is against common sense because air can't provide energy . " many animals eat air but humans don't " is against common sense because human beings are also a kind of animals . " many animals eat air but humans don't " is against common sense because all animals can't live without air . 
1" I need to bring my kitchenware when I go to the restaurant " is against common sense because nobody can prepare food without kitchenware . " I need to bring my kitchenware when I go to the restaurant " is against common sense because I don't need to cook in the restaurant . " I need to bring my kitchenware when I go to the restaurant " is against common sense because I can have free dinner if I cook dinner myself in the restaurant . 
2" I am so unlucky to find my true love " is against common sense because some people don't care if they can find their true love . " I am so unlucky to find my true love " is against common sense because everyone can find his true love . " I am so unlucky to find my true love " is against common sense because finding true love is a very lucky thing . 
2" the sun rises sometimes in China " is against common sense because the sun will disappear in the far future . " the sun rises sometimes in China " is against common sense because sometimes we can't see the sun the whole day . " the sun rises sometimes in China " is against common sense because the sun shines on China every day . 
0" I called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room " is against common sense because drug trafficking is illegal . " I called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room " is against common sense because the use of drugs is a problem in many countries . " I called the front counter and asked them to send some drugs to my room " is against common sense because drugs can make people very happy for a few seconds . 
1" they have reserved a table for us in the theatre " is against common sense because there may be some tables on the stage . " they have reserved a table for us in the theatre " is against common sense because reserving tables happens in the restaurant . " they have reserved a table for us in the theatre " is against common sense because some theatres have restaurants inside . 
1" I promised to help my boyfriend because I was too busy " is against common sense because once you promised something you should do it . " I promised to help my boyfriend because I was too busy " is against common sense because being too busy can't be the reason you help others . " I promised to help my boyfriend because I was too busy " is against common sense because the lover is one of the closest persons to you . 
1" football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves " is against common sense because football players are easy to be injured in games . " football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves " is against common sense because short sleeves have poor protection . " football players wear short sleeves to protect themselves " is against common sense because wearing long sleeves is also common for football players . 
2" I want to make an appointment for a facial last week " is against common sense because doing a facial doesn't need appointments . " I want to make an appointment for a facial last week " is against common sense because the beauty salon may not have spare time . " I want to make an appointment for a facial last week " is against common sense because you can only make appointments for future events . 
2" plastic surgery is for health " is against common sense because there are many other ways to keep healthy . " plastic surgery is for health " is against common sense because plastic surgery is still a controversial topic nowadays . " plastic surgery is for health " is against common sense because plastic surgery can't make you healthier . 
1" human liver is an expensive ingredient " is against common sense because human liver is not expensive . " human liver is an expensive ingredient " is against common sense because human liver is not an ingredient . " human liver is an expensive ingredient " is against common sense because human liver is too difficult to cook . 
0" some ingredients are expensive because it's common " is against common sense because easy to get will make things cheap . " some ingredients are expensive because it's common " is against common sense because photos of expensive ingredients are very common . " some ingredients are expensive because it's common " is against common sense because nobody likes expensive ingredients . 
0" ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten " is against common sense because taking pictures can't make ingredients edible . " ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten " is against common sense because many people like taking pictures of food before eating it . " ingredients need to be photographed before being eaten " is against common sense because now it's very easy to take pictures . 
2" I was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good " is against common sense because expensive food must be good . " I was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good " is against common sense because high price will make people feel disappointed . " I was disappointed because the expensive food tasted good " is against common sense because people expect good things when the price is high . 
2" burying garbage is a green lifestyle " is against common sense because we have the freedom of choosing a green lifestyle or not . " burying garbage is a green lifestyle " is against common sense because not all the garbage is green . " burying garbage is a green lifestyle " is against common sense because landfill will pollute the soil . 
0" thanks to the leather belt I survived in the car accident " is against common sense because leather belt is used for dressing . " thanks to the leather belt I survived in the car accident " is against common sense because it's luck that helps people survive in the car accident . " thanks to the leather belt I survived in the car accident " is against common sense because the car accident is decreasing year by year . 
0" starving people care little about food sources " is against common sense because starving people need food sources to fill their stomachs . " starving people care little about food sources " is against common sense because many things will be the food source for starving people . " starving people care little about food sources " is against common sense because we can donate to starving people . 
1" natural disaster will pity rich people " is against common sense because rich people know more about natural disaster . " natural disaster will pity rich people " is against common sense because money is useless in natural disasters . " natural disaster will pity rich people " is against common sense because some natural disasters kill no one . 
2" a campfire can be nice in a cold tent " is against common sense because we don't need campfire if we have air conditioning . " a campfire can be nice in a cold tent " is against common sense because we don't need campfire if we have lights . " a campfire can be nice in a cold tent " is against common sense because the campfire will burn the tent . 
1" boys usually cant wear dress in China " is against common sense because the skirt is designed for women . " boys usually cant wear dress in China " is against common sense because skirts can be worn on boys . " boys usually cant wear dress in China " is against common sense because boys all over the world don't wear dress . 
2" I need fuel to power my smart watch " is against common sense because smart watches don't need power . " I need fuel to power my smart watch " is against common sense because smart watches consume fuel too quickly . " I need fuel to power my smart watch " is against common sense because smart watches don't consume fuel . 
0" I spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet " is against common sense because sleeping can't help you get off the jet . " I spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet " is against common sense because sleeping in planes is usually very uncomfortable . " I spent the whole night sleeping to get off the jet " is against common sense because it's difficult to sleep the whole night . 
0" gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day " is against common sense because watering the leaves is meaningless . " gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day " is against common sense because leaves don't need water . " gardeners water the leaves of the trees every day " is against common sense because gardeners don't want to work everyday . 
1" I wanted to quit them because I enjoyed chatting with them " is against common sense because sometimes people want to stay alone . " I wanted to quit them because I enjoyed chatting with them " is against common sense because I can't chat with them if I quit them . " I wanted to quit them because I enjoyed chatting with them " is against common sense because people want to make more and more new friends . 
0" he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman " is against common sense because homosexuals love people of the same gender . " he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman " is against common sense because many homosexuals don't want others to know their sexual orientation . " he found he was gay when he fell in love with a woman " is against common sense because homosexuals should be treated fairly . 
1" weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance " is against common sense because there's no need to weigh an elephant . " weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance " is against common sense because cute appearance doesn't prevent weighing . " weighing an elephant is very difficult because of its cute appearance " is against common sense because we know the weight of an elephant without weighing it . 
0" the malignant tumor doesnt have fatal harm for you " is against common sense because the malignant tumor kills the patients easily . " the malignant tumor doesnt have fatal harm for you " is against common sense because if the tumor is fatal or not is decided by doctors . " the malignant tumor doesnt have fatal harm for you " is against common sense because medical technology have developed greatly . 
0" kids catch butterflies for food " is against common sense because butterflies are not food for human . " kids catch butterflies for food " is against common sense because kids often need adults' help to catch butterflies . " kids catch butterflies for food " is against common sense because butterflies are not delicious . 
1" drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter " is against common sense because milk is very nutritious . " drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter " is against common sense because it's impossible for people to grow shorter . " drinking milk can help teenagers grow shorter " is against common sense because milk is common in breakfast . 
0" I used to take notes on the pens " is against common sense because pens have no space to take notes . " I used to take notes on the pens " is against common sense because we use smartphones to take notes nowadays . " I used to take notes on the pens " is against common sense because people who have good memory don't need to take notes . 
0" I use a knife to eat rice " is against common sense because eating rice doesn't need to cut . " I use a knife to eat rice " is against common sense because knife will make rice lose nutrition . " I use a knife to eat rice " is against common sense because knifes are often used with forks . 
0" students need to write their scores on the examination paper " is against common sense because scores are written by teachers on the paper . " students need to write their scores on the examination paper " is against common sense because students care about examination score very much . " students need to write their scores on the examination paper " is against common sense because students don't need to know their scores . 
0" perming will make your hair longer " is against common sense because perming can't change the length of hair . " perming will make your hair longer " is against common sense because perming too many times is bad for people's health . " perming will make your hair longer " is against common sense because perming is very popular during teenagers . 
1" twins died on the same day " is against common sense because many twins are very similar in almost every respect . " twins died on the same day " is against common sense because twins don't necessarily die at the same time . " twins died on the same day " is against common sense because twins often do something at the same time . 
0" one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather " is against common sense because any things that are one kilogram are equally heavy . " one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather " is against common sense because the density of the stone is much larger than the feather . " one kilogram of stone is much heavier than a kilogram of feather " is against common sense because a piece of stone is much heavier than a piece of feather . 
0" it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day " is against common sense because air conditioning can warm up a room . " it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day " is against common sense because air conditioning consumes too much electricity . " it's crazy to turn on the air conditioning on a freezing day " is against common sense because we need thicker sweaters on freezing days . 
2" we need different passports to visit different countries " is against common sense because what we need to visit other countries is fly tickets . " we need different passports to visit different countries " is against common sense because we can't go abroad without passports . " we need different passports to visit different countries " is against common sense because one person only has one legal passport . 
0" people doing noble things are really selfish " is against common sense because noble things include unselfish things . " people doing noble things are really selfish " is against common sense because nowadays people only care about themselves . " people doing noble things are really selfish " is against common sense because selfish people also do noble things . 
2" spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year " is against common sense because spring festival is the Chinese traditional festival . " spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year " is against common sense because spring festival now is widely celebrated in the whole world . " spring festival celebrates the first day of the solar calendar new year " is against common sense because spring festival is the Lunar Festival . 
0" after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank " is against common sense because we can keep credit cards when we owe the bank . " after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank " is against common sense because we can use credit cards to apply for a loan . " after the loan we need to give credit card back to the bank " is against common sense because credit cards can't be recycled . 
0" I always carry my desktop pc with me " is against common sense because desktop pc is too heavy to be carried around . " I always carry my desktop pc with me " is against common sense because there's no need to carry computers all the time . " I always carry my desktop pc with me " is against common sense because more and more things can be done on the Internet . 
0" Nike printed the prices on the clothes " is against common sense because clothes' prices are printed on the price cards . " Nike printed the prices on the clothes " is against common sense because every cloth has its price . " Nike printed the prices on the clothes " is against common sense because customers care about the price of clothes very much . 
1" I took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time " is against common sense because we don't need to record the first time of doing everything . " I took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time " is against common sense because a photo can only record one moment of an action . " I took a photo to record the process of my son making cakes for the first time " is against common sense because taking photos of others need other people's permission . 
1" doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized " is against common sense because masks are a very common medical tool . " doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized " is against common sense because doctors need to be recognized by their patients . " doctors often wear masks to prevent being recognized " is against common sense because wearing a mask will not hinder the doctor's work . 
1" I have more and more black hair as I get older " is against common sense because elders don't care about their hair . " I have more and more black hair as I get older " is against common sense because people will have less and whiter hair when they are old . " I have more and more black hair as I get older " is against common sense because people's hair will grow for people's whole life . 
0" believers have ever really heard or seen god " is against common sense because god doesn't exist actually . " believers have ever really heard or seen god " is against common sense because god is believers' dependence . " believers have ever really heard or seen god " is against common sense because god is important for a religion . 
0" wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings " is against common sense because slippers are too informal for weddings . " wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings " is against common sense because it's nice if weddings are held in a relaxed atmosphere . " wearing slippers are a good choice for weddings " is against common sense because wearing slippers is very comfortable . 
0" grasshoppers can be a water source " is against common sense because grasshoppers contain little water . " grasshoppers can be a water source " is against common sense because nobody wants to put grasshoppers in mouth . " grasshoppers can be a water source " is against common sense because grasshoppers are rare in dry places . 
0" a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days " is against common sense because you will get wet in open air park on rainy days . " a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days " is against common sense because an open air park are often the center of a community . " a open air park is a good place to stay on rainy days " is against common sense because open air parks are especially good for family activities . 
2" most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt " is against common sense because almost all the people live on land . " most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt " is against common sense because soil is an important part of the earth . " most of the earth's surface is covered by dirt " is against common sense because soil on the earth's surface is less than water . 
1" students attend concerts to further their education " is against common sense because not all the students are interested in classical music . " students attend concerts to further their education " is against common sense because most students can't be educated at the concert . " students attend concerts to further their education " is against common sense because concert tickets are too expensive for students . 
2" language is the only way to communicate for human beings " is against common sense because every nation has its own language . " language is the only way to communicate for human beings " is against common sense because language is very effective for communication in most situations . " language is the only way to communicate for human beings " is against common sense because people can communicate in many other ways . 
0" language remains unchanged as time goes by " is against common sense because languages will change to adapt to changes in the world . " language remains unchanged as time goes by " is against common sense because nobody knows what will happen in the future . " language remains unchanged as time goes by " is against common sense because words in some languages have never changed for thousands of years . 
2" a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter " is against common sense because you can have a cup of coffee at any time . " a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter " is against common sense because coffee that can make you smarter is very expensive . " a cup of coffee in the morning can make you smarter " is against common sense because coffee can't improve intelligence . 
1" I pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up " is against common sense because cycling too fast is very dangerous . " I pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up " is against common sense because bicycles don't have accelerators . " I pressed the accelerator in my bicycle to speed up " is against common sense because bicycles often have two wheels . 
0" I ate iron to end my hunger pains " is against common sense because humans can't eat iron . " I ate iron to end my hunger pains " is against common sense because you should find some food immediately when you have hunger pains . " I ate iron to end my hunger pains " is against common sense because hunger pains are bad for health . 
1" the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot " is against common sense because plane landing is not an easy thing . " the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot " is against common sense because parking lot is used to park cars . " the plane landed smoothly in the parking lot " is against common sense because many parking lots are available for a fee . 
2" in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt " is against common sense because people still use muscles every day in old age . " in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt " is against common sense because people don't have muscles in old age . " in old age, muscles go through a growth spurt " is against common sense because muscles develop very slowly in old age . 
0" animals develop from seeds " is against common sense because animals develop from eggs . " animals develop from seeds " is against common sense because both animals and seeds have lives . " animals develop from seeds " is against common sense because animals are much bigger than seeds . 
0" washing your car is for keeping it fast " is against common sense because car speed has nothing to do with its cleanliness . " washing your car is for keeping it fast " is against common sense because your car will always get dirty . " washing your car is for keeping it fast " is against common sense because keeping car fast consumes fuel . 
2" people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean " is against common sense because toothpaste are produced in factories . " people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean " is against common sense because toothbrush cleanliness is important for the health of the teeth . " people invented toothpaste to keep toothbrush clean " is against common sense because cleaning toothbrush doesn't need toothpaste . 
2" you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money " is against common sense because the variety of drinks are limited in vending machines . " you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money " is against common sense because vending machines are the result of technology development . " you can buy drinks from vending machines without paying money " is against common sense because drinks in vending machines are not free . 
2" movie stars often photograph others in public " is against common sense because stars don't appear in public . " movie stars often photograph others in public " is against common sense because stars don't know how to photograph . " movie stars often photograph others in public " is against common sense because it's weird for stars to photograph others . 
2" it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed " is against common sense because telling a boring joke is embarrassing . " it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed " is against common sense because different people will have different feelings about the same joke . " it seems my joke is funny because nobody laughed " is against common sense because a funny joke should make people laugh . 
2" you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool " is against common sense because sharks can kill people easily in water . " you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool " is against common sense because swimming in the swimming pool is safe generally . " you need to be careful of sharks when you swim in the swimming pool " is against common sense because sharks don't live in the swimming pool . 
0" I finished my work while I going to sleep " is against common sense because people can't do anything else when they are sleeping . " I finished my work while I going to sleep " is against common sense because sometimes people dream that they were working . " I finished my work while I going to sleep " is against common sense because you may feel difficult to fall asleep when you have unfinished work . 
1" I can't afford the flight ticket from China to the US, so I decided to walk " is against common sense because you can only go to America by swimming . " I can't afford the flight ticket from China to the US, so I decided to walk " is against common sense because the distance between China and America is too long to walk . " I can't afford the flight ticket from China to the US, so I decided to walk " is against common sense because tickets from China to the US are not expensive in spring . 
1" animals in the Acrobatic Troupe receive wages every day " is against common sense because animals help the Acrobatic Troupe earn a lot of money . " animals in the Acrobatic Troupe receive wages every day " is against common sense because money is useless to animals . " animals in the Acrobatic Troupe receive wages every day " is against common sense because animals should be treated fairly . 
1" teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork " is against common sense because encouraging each other can create a good team atmosphere . " teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork " is against common sense because everyone on the team needs to take on the work . " teammates are here to encourage you in teamwork " is against common sense because teammates can become good friends . 
1" the teacher was very cheerful that I was late for school again and again " is against common sense because insisting on doing one thing is very worthwhile . " the teacher was very cheerful that I was late for school again and again " is against common sense because being late for school is a violation of regulations . " the teacher was very cheerful that I was late for school again and again " is against common sense because teachers don't care about what students do . 
2" girls wear skirts in winter for warmth " is against common sense because skirts are suitable for girls very much . " girls wear skirts in winter for warmth " is against common sense because wearing skirts is more and more common in winter nowadays . " girls wear skirts in winter for warmth " is against common sense because skirts are inefficient in keeping warm . 
2" driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home " is against common sense because home is the most comfortable place for most people . " driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home " is against common sense because you can drive cars in many video games when you stay at home . " driving a car is a good choice to enjoy your stay at home " is against common sense because most people don't have big enough houses to drive a car . 
0" he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match " is against common sense because hands can't touch the ball in a soccer match . " he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match " is against common sense because playing soccer is a group sport . " he scored a crucial goal by hand in a soccer match " is against common sense because players who scored a goal are the heroes of the team . 
1" we built street lamps to provide a personal service " is against common sense because street lamps were built by the government . " we built street lamps to provide a personal service " is against common sense because street lamps light for everyone . " we built street lamps to provide a personal service " is against common sense because street lamps only light in the evening . 
1" crops can't live without farmers " is against common sense because if all the crops died then humans can't live . " crops can't live without farmers " is against common sense because plants can grow on their own without human intervention . " crops can't live without farmers " is against common sense because crops can grow better with farmers' help . 
1" I was very scared to see old friends abroad " is against common sense because we should be careful when we are abroad . " I was very scared to see old friends abroad " is against common sense because seeing old friends is a happy thing . " I was very scared to see old friends abroad " is against common sense because when we feel scared we should run away immediately . 
0" Alice broke down when the situation was hopeful " is against common sense because people don't need to feel upset in a hopeful situation . " Alice broke down when the situation was hopeful " is against common sense because when someone else broke down we should try to comfort him . " Alice broke down when the situation was hopeful " is against common sense because the situation won't be hopeful if we do nothing . 
0" ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer " is against common sense because it is too cold to eat ice cream in winter . " ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer " is against common sense because not every place on the earth has different seasons . " ice cream is more popular in winter than in summer " is against common sense because ice cream has been very popular for hundreds of years . 
1" my boss checks read messages carefully every day " is against common sense because the email is a useful tool for remote communication . " my boss checks read messages carefully every day " is against common sense because read messages are messages that have already been checked before . " my boss checks read messages carefully every day " is against common sense because the boss prefers to communicate face to face . 
1" we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease " is against common sense because some diseases still cannot be cured . " we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease " is against common sense because vaccine can only prevent disease . " we are vaccinated for the cure of the disease " is against common sense because most of us were vaccinated when we were children . 
2" I bought a pan for drinking fresh juice " is against common sense because fresh juice is good for health . " I bought a pan for drinking fresh juice " is against common sense because the capacity of the pan is not big enough . " I bought a pan for drinking fresh juice " is against common sense because the pan can't squeeze the juice contained in the fruit . 
0" taking summer vacation caused lots of stress " is against common sense because taking a vacation is very relaxing . " taking summer vacation caused lots of stress " is against common sense because preparing for the holidays is very troublesome . " taking summer vacation caused lots of stress " is against common sense because taking a vacation can relieve stress . 
1" disguise can lead you to the answer " is against common sense because to find the answer you can only rely on yourself . " disguise can lead you to the answer " is against common sense because disguise covers up the answer . " disguise can lead you to the answer " is against common sense because the process of finding answers is interesting . 
0" you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe " is against common sense because recipes can only increase your chances of cooking food well . " you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe " is against common sense because everyone can learn how to cook food well . " you can definitely cook food well by following a recipe " is against common sense because recipes can be bought online . 
1" the company hired more employees because of continued losses " is against common sense because the company will bankrupt if it can't stop the loss in time . " the company hired more employees because of continued losses " is against common sense because hiring employees will increase the company's losses . " the company hired more employees because of continued losses " is against common sense because employees can help the company earn more money . 
2" the blind man can't hear me yelling " is against common sense because we should lend a helping hand to the blind man . " the blind man can't hear me yelling " is against common sense because yelling at others is very rude . " the blind man can't hear me yelling " is against common sense because blind men can't see but they can hear the sound . 
0" I'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars " is against common sense because clouds will block the sight of observation of the stars . " I'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars " is against common sense because the weather at night influences the observation of the stars greatly . " I'm waiting for a cloudy night to observe stars " is against common sense because stars can't be seen in downtown . 
1" building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps " is against common sense because building workers like wearing baseball caps in their spare time . " building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps " is against common sense because baseball caps are useless in protection of the head . " building workers risk injury by not wearing baseball caps " is against common sense because the building worker is not a safe job . 
0" buying presents requires love or money " is against common sense because you can't buy presents without money . " buying presents requires love or money " is against common sense because sometimes love is more valuable than money . " buying presents requires love or money " is against common sense because presents are often used to show love . 
0" going to the zoo is for being seen " is against common sense because zoo visitors' attention is all on the animals . " going to the zoo is for being seen " is against common sense because animals can see the visitors too . " going to the zoo is for being seen " is against common sense because the zoo is a suitable place for the family activity . 
2" the horses water the cowboy everyday " is against common sense because the horses and the cowboy love each other . " the horses water the cowboy everyday " is against common sense because watering the cowboy only need one horse . " the horses water the cowboy everyday " is against common sense because cowboys can drink water by themselves . 
0" people expect boredom when they go to the cinema " is against common sense because people go to the cinema for fun . " people expect boredom when they go to the cinema " is against common sense because people will try to find things to do when they feel boring . " people expect boredom when they go to the cinema " is against common sense because some films are really boring . 
2" Bob sang a picture yesterday " is against common sense because a picture is very difficult to sing . " Bob sang a picture yesterday " is against common sense because a person can both be a singer and painter . " Bob sang a picture yesterday " is against common sense because only songs can be sung . 
0" paying by credit card is for not paying money " is against common sense because the price doesn't change when you pay by credit card . " paying by credit card is for not paying money " is against common sense because you can buy more things if have several credit cards . " paying by credit card is for not paying money " is against common sense because using credit cards too frequently is not a good habit for a young man . 
1" you need a dog if you want to share your story " is against common sense because dogs will bark to strangers . " you need a dog if you want to share your story " is against common sense because dogs can't understand what humans say . " you need a dog if you want to share your story " is against common sense because dogs can make people no longer feel lonely . 
0" the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins " is against common sense because drinking before the game will make the player performs worse . " the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins " is against common sense because drinking is a common behavior when people are under pressure . " the players will buy a cup of beer before the basketball game begins " is against common sense because playing basketball will make players thirst . 
2" I need to say goodbye to people on TV when I finish watching the TV show " is against common sense because we shouldn't spend too much time in watching TV . " I need to say goodbye to people on TV when I finish watching the TV show " is against common sense because saying goodbye when you are going to leave is a good manner . " I need to say goodbye to people on TV when I finish watching the TV show " is against common sense because people on TV can't communicate with the audience . 
0" goods can be transported by wind " is against common sense because humans can't control the wind to transport goods . " goods can be transported by wind " is against common sense because the wind can move a lot of things . " goods can be transported by wind " is against common sense because goods need to be protected well during transportation . 
0" the ship hit the train yesterday " is against common sense because ships move in the water while the train moves in the land . " the ship hit the train yesterday " is against common sense because ships move much slower than the train . " the ship hit the train yesterday " is against common sense because traffic accident is terrible . 
0" I can lift the gym easily " is against common sense because a gym is too heavy for humans to lift . " I can lift the gym easily " is against common sense because people lift many things in the gym . " I can lift the gym easily " is against common sense because excessive exercise is harmful to the body . 
1" meeting my friends is for business " is against common sense because we do business for money . " meeting my friends is for business " is against common sense because friends aren't those doing business with you . " meeting my friends is for business " is against common sense because most friends meetings occur during the free time . 
2" when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others " is against common sense because we sell our things for money . " when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others " is against common sense because only good friends will lend their cars to you . " when you borrowed a car you can sell it to others " is against common sense because you don't own the thing you borrowed . 
0" I had plastic surgery in the pharmacy " is against common sense because the pharmacy doesn't have equipment to do surgery . " I had plastic surgery in the pharmacy " is against common sense because we need to go to the pharmacy in order to cure our diseases . " I had plastic surgery in the pharmacy " is against common sense because plastic surgery is more expensive than drugs . 
0" fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard " is against common sense because losing fingers is not a fortunate thing . " fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard " is against common sense because you can succeed as long as you work hard . " fortunately the fat man lost fingers by working hard " is against common sense because we shouldn't discriminate against fat men . 
0" couples would divorce if they believed each other " is against common sense because couples believed each other would continue to live together . " couples would divorce if they believed each other " is against common sense because divorce breaks up a lot of families . " couples would divorce if they believed each other " is against common sense because divorce requires the consent of the judge . 
2" I stop eating salt food to lose weight " is against common sense because the key of losing weight is persistence . " I stop eating salt food to lose weight " is against common sense because too much salt intake can cause health problems . " I stop eating salt food to lose weight " is against common sense because salt food has little to do with gaining weight . 
0" the weather can be either sweet or salt in China " is against common sense because the weather can't be tasted . " the weather can be either sweet or salt in China " is against common sense because seasonal changes can affect people's lives . " the weather can be either sweet or salt in China " is against common sense because there are no obvious seasonal changes in some places . 
1" adults change clothes according to their height every day " is against common sense because nobody change clothes every day . " adults change clothes according to their height every day " is against common sense because the height of an adult basically doesn't change . " adults change clothes according to their height every day " is against common sense because many people are very concerned about their height . 
0" you can use a link to write things " is against common sense because link is not a material object and can't be touched . " you can use a link to write things " is against common sense because if we click a link we may see things written by others . " you can use a link to write things " is against common sense because more and more people write things on the computer . 
0" museum exhibits artifacts for sale " is against common sense because nobody can buy artifacts in the museum . " museum exhibits artifacts for sale " is against common sense because the museum needs funds for daily operations . " museum exhibits artifacts for sale " is against common sense because artifacts in museum are treasure . 
1" the alarm ringing announced that the class was over " is against common sense because when the class is over, students will go out of the classroom . " the alarm ringing announced that the class was over " is against common sense because the alarm ringing announces emergency . " the alarm ringing announced that the class was over " is against common sense because when the class is over, students will run out of the classroom . 
0" passengers need to undergo a rigorous safety check before taking a taxi " is against common sense because safety check before taking a taxi is meaningless . " passengers need to undergo a rigorous safety check before taking a taxi " is against common sense because safety check before taking a taxi is not rigorous . " passengers need to undergo a rigorous safety check before taking a taxi " is against common sense because people take a taxi very frequently . 
1" you can use money to buy some health to live longer " is against common sense because rich people can buy almost everything . " you can use money to buy some health to live longer " is against common sense because health can't be bought . " you can use money to buy some health to live longer " is against common sense because people get better treatment can live longer . 
2" studying requires violence " is against common sense because you need to have many good qualities to study well . " studying requires violence " is against common sense because we need proper violence to protect ourselves . " studying requires violence " is against common sense because violence can't help you learn knowledge . 
1" we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class " is against common sense because we can learn knowledge about atoms in science textbooks . " we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class " is against common sense because atoms are so small that it's impossible to see them by using optical microscopes . " we used optical microscopes to see atoms in science class " is against common sense because using microscope need to be taught to students . 
0" designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show " is against common sense because the fashion show is held to exhibit the latest achievements . " designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show " is against common sense because some outdated clothes can give designers some inspirations . " designers show outdated clothes in a fashion show " is against common sense because a fashion show is very artistic . 
2" the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus " is against common sense because old people should be taken care of by others in public . " the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus " is against common sense because the seat belongs to the person who gets it first . " the driver offered his seat to the old lady on the bus " is against common sense because drivers need to sit in their seat to drive the bus . 
1" I jumped into the fire to cool myself " is against common sense because when you are on fire you need to find something to cool yourself immediately . " I jumped into the fire to cool myself " is against common sense because the fire is too hot to cool anything . " I jumped into the fire to cool myself " is against common sense because we do cool things to show off . 
1" my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product " is against common sense because products and salesmen often appear together . " my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product " is against common sense because humans can't be sold . " my father sold the best salesmen to become the best product " is against common sense because nobody buy products from salesmen now . 
0" I washed my computers twice a week " is against common sense because computers will be damaged if they are washed . " I washed my computers twice a week " is against common sense because a person can only have one computer . " I washed my computers twice a week " is against common sense because computers will never get dirty . 
1" I used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard " is against common sense because it's wrong to steal sugar . " I used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard " is against common sense because mountains are much more higher than cupboards . " I used to step on the mountain to get the sugar on the op of the cupboard " is against common sense because it's impossible to know where the sugar is if parents hide it . 
0" a wall is the entrance of a house " is against common sense because people can't go through the wall . " a wall is the entrance of a house " is against common sense because a house can't be built without walls . " a wall is the entrance of a house " is against common sense because a house can have several entrances . 
0" we built a factory to produce creative ideas " is against common sense because good ideas can only come out from your mind . " we built a factory to produce creative ideas " is against common sense because producing creative ideas is very expensive and difficult . " we built a factory to produce creative ideas " is against common sense because only rich people can build factories . 
2" we use the microscope to learn about the universe " is against common sense because there are still many unknown things about the universe . " we use the microscope to learn about the universe " is against common sense because we don't need any tools to learn about the universe . " we use the microscope to learn about the universe " is against common sense because the microscope is used to magnify tiny things . 
2" we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane " is against common sense because the first class airplane seats usually have higher prices . " we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane " is against common sense because we can have the best view sitting in the wings of planes . " we can find first class airplane seats in the wings of a plane " is against common sense because passengers will die if they sit outside the plane . 
1" when a relative dies, we held a party for him " is against common sense because we only hold parties for people we love . " when a relative dies, we held a party for him " is against common sense because party is held to celebrate happy things . " when a relative dies, we held a party for him " is against common sense because everyone will die . 
1" a bed can rest a pillow " is against common sense because we need a bed first if we want to use our pillows . " a bed can rest a pillow " is against common sense because pillows don't have lives and can't feel rest . " a bed can rest a pillow " is against common sense because we can put several pillows on a bed . 
0" children will praise parents when kids did something well " is against common sense because the person being praised should be the one who did the good thing . " children will praise parents when kids did something well " is against common sense because a person becomes more confident after being encouraged . " children will praise parents when kids did something well " is against common sense because no one will praise adults . 
2" professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs " is against common sense because the best professional soccer player earns a lot of money . " professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs " is against common sense because we need new footballs when the previous one was broken . " professional soccer players earn money by selling footballs " is against common sense because football players kick footballs but don't sell them . 
1" animals are pets " is against common sense because people who live alone often want to have pets . " animals are pets " is against common sense because many animals haven't been tamed . " animals are pets " is against common sense because humans are also animals . 
1" we grow Christmas trees in December every year " is against common sense because many countries don't celebrate Christmas day . " we grow Christmas trees in December every year " is against common sense because Christmas trees are artificial products . " we grow Christmas trees in December every year " is against common sense because Christmas trees are very rare . 
0" sun bathing removes dirt from the body " is against common sense because sun bathing can't make things cleaner . " sun bathing removes dirt from the body " is against common sense because bathing can also make people feel relaxed . " sun bathing removes dirt from the body " is against common sense because sun bathing is common on the beach . 
2" I bought a ticket for the taxi I took " is against common sense because every taxi has a driver . " I bought a ticket for the taxi I took " is against common sense because taxi fare is more expensive than bus fare . " I bought a ticket for the taxi I took " is against common sense because taking a taxi doesn't require tickets . 
0" he was fined for smoking in his home " is against common sense because people have the freedom to smoke in their home . " he was fined for smoking in his home " is against common sense because smoking is illegal . " he was fined for smoking in his home " is against common sense because smoking is harmful to your health no matter where you smoke . 
2" we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking " is against common sense because we shouldn't think anything else when we are in class . " we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking " is against common sense because we can also get high scores without taking notes . " we took notes in class for recording what we were thinking " is against common sense because notes taken in the class record what the teachers said . 
0" I want to find a noisy place to have a sleep " is against common sense because it's difficult to fall asleep in a noisy place . " I want to find a noisy place to have a sleep " is against common sense because usually people sleep in a fixed place . " I want to find a noisy place to have a sleep " is against common sense because sleeping in public is rude in some situations . 
2" People open their doors when they go out of the home " is against common sense because doors usually are locked from outside . " People open their doors when they go out of the home " is against common sense because people usually unlock doors before entering the home . " People open their doors when they go out of the home " is against common sense because things in an opening house are easy to be stolen . 
1" People can chat with the dead " is against common sense because The dead cannot watch . " People can chat with the dead " is against common sense because Dead people can't hear and talk . " People can chat with the dead " is against common sense because Everyone on earth must die . 
2" Sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes " is against common sense because People's skin will sweat after running . " Sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes " is against common sense because People usually have two eyes . " Sweat will be secreted when the sand touches eyes " is against common sense because there are no sweat glands in the eyes . 
1" People usually put curtains on the walls " is against common sense because People can put wallpapers on the wall . " People usually put curtains on the walls " is against common sense because Walls are usually opaque . " People usually put curtains on the walls " is against common sense because Curtains usually have beautiful patterns . 
2" People usually roast meat with cold water " is against common sense because it usually takes a long time to boil meat in water . " People usually roast meat with cold water " is against common sense because People can boil meat with hot water . " People usually roast meat with cold water " is against common sense because People need high temperature to roast meat . 
0" People usually enter the park from the fence " is against common sense because People shouldn't go through the fence . " People usually enter the park from the fence " is against common sense because Some parks are inaccessible to ordinary people . " People usually enter the park from the fence " is against common sense because Parks are usually a good place for leisure and recreation . 
0" People usually like to wear oversize clothes " is against common sense because wearing oversize clothes makes people uncomfortable . " People usually like to wear oversize clothes " is against common sense because People usually like to wear beautiful clothes . " People usually like to wear oversize clothes " is against common sense because Fat people usually wear big clothes . 
1" People should break the contract " is against common sense because companies should fulfill certain contractual obligations . " People should break the contract " is against common sense because Those who break the contract will be punished . " People should break the contract " is against common sense because Contracts are usually concluded by more than one person . 
1" Rats can't bite wood furniture " is against common sense because Rats usually like to eat nuts . " Rats can't bite wood furniture " is against common sense because Rat's teeth are harder than wood . " Rats can't bite wood furniture " is against common sense because Most rats are afraid of cats . 
0" Sheep usually like wolves " is against common sense because Wolves eat sheep . " Sheep usually like wolves " is against common sense because Cows and sheep are herbivores . " Sheep usually like wolves " is against common sense because The wolf has a terror of fire . 
2" College students usually learn the same courses " is against common sense because Most college students are boarders . " College students usually learn the same courses " is against common sense because College students have compulsory and optional courses . " College students usually learn the same courses " is against common sense because College students have different majors . 
0" Eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy " is against common sense because instant noodles are junk food . " Eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy " is against common sense because Noodles are usually thin strips . " Eating a lot of instant noodles is healthy " is against common sense because instant noddles should be put into hot water before being eaten . 
0" Programmers usually don't use computers " is against common sense because Programmers need computers to programme . " Programmers usually don't use computers " is against common sense because programmers need to sit for a long time . " Programmers usually don't use computers " is against common sense because programmers always wear casual clothes . 
2" if you fail the exam you should cheat next time " is against common sense because cheating will make you sad . " if you fail the exam you should cheat next time " is against common sense because you will spend a lot of time preparing for cheating . " if you fail the exam you should cheat next time " is against common sense because cheating is bad and prohibited . 
1" I should indulge myself when I fail " is against common sense because indulging yourself can make you happy for a while . " I should indulge myself when I fail " is against common sense because weakness is not good quality . " I should indulge myself when I fail " is against common sense because a failure is acceptable . 
2" mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me " is against common sense because tiger meat tastes bad . " mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me " is against common sense because tiger meat is so hard that the human can't bite them . " mom cooks the fried tiger meat once a week for me " is against common sense because human rarely eats the tiger meat . 
0" sprinters' arms are usually strong " is against common sense because what is used in the sprint are legs instead of arms . " sprinters' arms are usually strong " is against common sense because sprinters' arms are short because people with long arms take disadvantage in sprinting . " sprinters' arms are usually strong " is against common sense because people with strong arms always participate in the boxing match . 
2" I can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes " is against common sense because formal clothes don't keep heat . " I can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes " is against common sense because formal clothes are expensive . " I can take part in the soccer game in formal clothes " is against common sense because formal clothes are not designed for sports at all . 
1" we can travel on the sea by train " is against common sense because there is not enough gasoline on the sea . " we can travel on the sea by train " is against common sense because the train can't float on water . " we can travel on the sea by train " is against common sense because Fire extinguishes in water . 
2" pigs' eggs are delicious " is against common sense because pigs will protect their offsprings . " pigs' eggs are delicious " is against common sense because eating animals' eggs is immoral . " pigs' eggs are delicious " is against common sense because pigs are mammals . 
2" we can eat noodles with knives " is against common sense because knives are dangerous . " we can eat noodles with knives " is against common sense because some knives are heavy . " we can eat noodles with knives " is against common sense because we can't access noddles from bows by knives conveniently . 
0" birds' milk is nutrient " is against common sense because birds are not mammals . " birds' milk is nutrient " is against common sense because birds' milk is junk food . " birds' milk is nutrient " is against common sense because some birds are human's friends . 
1" People can make wires from plastics " is against common sense because People can make cups from plastic . " People can make wires from plastics " is against common sense because Plastics cannot conduct electricity . " People can make wires from plastics " is against common sense because plastic will pollute the soil . 
1" People can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future " is against common sense because people can advertise for staff in a newspaper . " People can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future " is against common sense because The future is unpredictable . " People can read newspapers to know what will happen in the future " is against common sense because Newspapers usually cover important things . 
2" People should rub water on their skin before giving an injection " is against common sense because Children always associate the doctor with injections and pain . " People should rub water on their skin before giving an injection " is against common sense because People may need an injection when they are ill . " People should rub water on their skin before giving an injection " is against common sense because water cannot disinfect the skin . 
2" Something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting " is against common sense because it's not allowed to carry oil paintings on the bus . " Something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting " is against common sense because it's too dark to draw paintings on a bus . " Something you might do while taking the bus is drawing an oil painting " is against common sense because it's too bumpy to draw paintings on a bus . 
1" She felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch " is against common sense because she was hungry because she was satisfied with her lunch . " She felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch " is against common sense because people usually don't feel hungry after just having a meal . " She felt hungry and satisfied after having lunch " is against common sense because she ate her favorite food for the lunch and felt satisfied . 
1" Bob is cooking while eating dinner " is against common sense because he is unsatisfied with the dinner so he cooks something new . " Bob is cooking while eating dinner " is against common sense because people usually cannot cook and eat at the same time . " Bob is cooking while eating dinner " is against common sense because he is a cook serving dinner in a restaurant . 
1" A person can survive a fall from a five-floor building " is against common sense because a human usually will be terrified standing on the edge of a five-floor building . " A person can survive a fall from a five-floor building " is against common sense because a human will not survive such a fall without any protection . " A person can survive a fall from a five-floor building " is against common sense because a person is not as strong as a rat . 
0" The longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days " is against common sense because a dog can't fly . " The longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days " is against common sense because flying eight days without stopping is impossible for a dog . " The longest nonstop flight by a dog is eight days " is against common sense because dogs usually prefer running to flying . 
1" He caught a cold and had a cold shower " is against common sense because the temperature was so hot that he needed a cold shower to cool down . " He caught a cold and had a cold shower " is against common sense because having a cold shower will worsen the cold . " He caught a cold and had a cold shower " is against common sense because he caught a cold after taking the cold shower . 
1" Humans smell through their ears " is against common sense because ears are not big enough to smell . " Humans smell through their ears " is against common sense because ears are for listening instead of smelling . " Humans smell through their ears " is against common sense because it's hard to smell through ears for humans . 
2" Alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit " is against common sense because sleeping is a good habit to relax yourself . " Alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit " is against common sense because Alice is not having enough sleep . " Alice formed a habit of sleeping to keep fit " is against common sense because sleeping too much is unhealthy . 
2" It's summer and it's freezing cold outside " is against common sense because it's too cold to go outside in the summer . " It's summer and it's freezing cold outside " is against common sense because it's snowing outside so it's very cold . " It's summer and it's freezing cold outside " is against common sense because it's very hot in the summer . 
1" Frogs will die with enough water " is against common sense because frogs will drown in water . " Frogs will die with enough water " is against common sense because frogs can live given enough water . " Frogs will die with enough water " is against common sense because frogs cannot survive without water . 
0" Kate made books with a microwave oven " is against common sense because microwave ovens are used to heat food . " Kate made books with a microwave oven " is against common sense because she learned how to use a microwave oven from a book . " Kate made books with a microwave oven " is against common sense because she booked a microwave oven online . 
1" Marry lit up rocks to make a campfire " is against common sense because rocks are too wet to burn . " Marry lit up rocks to make a campfire " is against common sense because rocks will not burn . " Marry lit up rocks to make a campfire " is against common sense because she must collect more rocks before she could light them up . 
0" Barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day " is against common sense because an umbrella will keep you dry in the rain . " Barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day " is against common sense because a person usually cannot hold an umbrella on a rainy day . " Barry went under an umbrella to stay wet on a rainy day " is against common sense because Barry forgot to take his umbrella . 
1" She goes skiing while watching TV " is against common sense because she is watching skiing on the TV . " She goes skiing while watching TV " is against common sense because people usually cannot ski and watch TV at the same time . " She goes skiing while watching TV " is against common sense because it's too cold to watch TV while skiing . 
2" Children in school use cameras for drawing " is against common sense because children are young and they cannot use cameras . " Children in school use cameras for drawing " is against common sense because cameras are not for taking pictures . " Children in school use cameras for drawing " is against common sense because cameras are not for drawing pictures . 
1" Wang is eating with poles " is against common sense because the poles are not hard enough to be used as a tableware . " Wang is eating with poles " is against common sense because poles are too long to be used as a tableware . " Wang is eating with poles " is against common sense because he cannot afford to buy poles . 
0" Dry towels need to hang up to dry " is against common sense because you don't need to dry towels that are already dry . " Dry towels need to hang up to dry " is against common sense because you cannot hang up towels on a rainy day . " Dry towels need to hang up to dry " is against common sense because there's not enough water to dry towels . 
0" Resting is a good exercise " is against common sense because resting is not a kind of exercise . " Resting is a good exercise " is against common sense because you need to rest more to exercise . " Resting is a good exercise " is against common sense because people need resting after exercising . 
2" Computers and milk make a great dessert " is against common sense because computers are not tasty enough . " Computers and milk make a great dessert " is against common sense because computers are not sweet enough . " Computers and milk make a great dessert " is against common sense because computers are not desserts . 
2" a basket is for warmth " is against common sense because baskets may burn if it's too warm . " a basket is for warmth " is against common sense because there are many holes on a basket . " a basket is for warmth " is against common sense because baskets cannot bring warmth to people . 
2" attending class is for playing " is against common sense because students learn things by playing in the class . " attending class is for playing " is against common sense because the class is too boring for students . " attending class is for playing " is against common sense because most students take classes to learn rather than play . 
1" He throws up when he eats nice food " is against common sense because he has a stomachache so he can't eat food . " He throws up when he eats nice food " is against common sense because people usually enjoy eating nice food . " He throws up when he eats nice food " is against common sense because he is not in the mood of eating nice food . 
0" Shoes are meant to protect hands " is against common sense because you wear shoes on your feet instead of your hands . " Shoes are meant to protect hands " is against common sense because shoes with poor quality cannot protect feet or hands . " Shoes are meant to protect hands " is against common sense because the shoes are too big to be worn on hands . 
0" most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees " is against common sense because it's very hot when it is above ninety degrees . " most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees " is against common sense because people may feel uncomfortable when it is above ninety degrees . " most people consider it to be cold when it is above ninety degrees " is against common sense because people may sweat when it is above ninety degrees . 
1" a piece of cake is used for writing " is against common sense because it's a piece of cake to write things . " a piece of cake is used for writing " is against common sense because you cannot write on a cake . " a piece of cake is used for writing " is against common sense because writing is just a piece of cake . 
1" Amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness " is against common sense because she is angry about the illness that tortured her best friend . " Amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness " is against common sense because people usually don't feel angry when they hear good news . " Amy is angry to know that her best friend has recovered from the illness " is against common sense because the illness made her best friend easy to get angry . 
1" my jaw dropped open when I was unhappy " is against common sense because my boyfriend dropped his jaw in front of other beautiful girls, which made me unhappy . " my jaw dropped open when I was unhappy " is against common sense because an unhappy person usually keeps his lips closed tightly . " my jaw dropped open when I was unhappy " is against common sense because I was unhappy because my jaw hit the table . 
0" the filthy car needs to be painted " is against common sense because it's improper to paint on dust and stains . " the filthy car needs to be painted " is against common sense because the paint is so realistic that many people believe the car is filthy . " the filthy car needs to be painted " is against common sense because the filthy car carried a bucket of paint . 
2" my friend paid for my ticket so I didn't get on the bus " is against common sense because I wanted to sit with my friend so I asked him to buy my ticket first . " my friend paid for my ticket so I didn't get on the bus " is against common sense because my friend paid for my ticket because I lost my wallet on the bus . " my friend paid for my ticket so I didn't get on the bus " is against common sense because a ticket is used to take a bus no matter who buys it . 
2" dina visited her family because she distrusted them " is against common sense because dina has been living on her own for 10 years . " dina visited her family because she distrusted them " is against common sense because dina's feeling was hurt so she decided to move out . " dina visited her family because she distrusted them " is against common sense because people don't visit those they distrust . 
1" the balloon expanded as he pricked it " is against common sense because the balloon expanded to be a huge one . " the balloon expanded as he pricked it " is against common sense because if a balloon is pricked it will shrink immediately . " the balloon expanded as he pricked it " is against common sense because the bigger the balloon expanded, the more easily it will explode after a prick . 
0" maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation " is against common sense because quietness is a sign of dull conversation . " maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation " is against common sense because maggie tries to lighten the mood of the conversation because she just said something embarrassing . " maggie remained quiet to lighten the mood of the conversation " is against common sense because after maggie's speech everyone remained quiet . 
2" a hammer dropped on Bill's foot and his finger was broken " is against common sense because Bill's foot hurt so he used his finger to rub it . " a hammer dropped on Bill's foot and his finger was broken " is against common sense because Bill's finger was broken and he couldn't hold the hammer anymore . " a hammer dropped on Bill's foot and his finger was broken " is against common sense because a finger is a limb of a human hand . 
0" the clothes are still dirty because I forgot to add laundry water " is against common sense because the clothes can't be washed without water . " the clothes are still dirty because I forgot to add laundry water " is against common sense because the water in the laundry is dirtier than the clothes . " the clothes are still dirty because I forgot to add laundry water " is against common sense because the laundry machine stopped so I put another coin in . 
0" air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it " is against common sense because a picture has nothing to do with air tightness in a ball . " air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it " is against common sense because there were many merchants who sell beach balls in summer . " air leaked out of the beach ball because it had a picture on it " is against common sense because as time went by the quality of the ball dropped . 
0" the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined " is against common sense because a conversation is usually more active with more people . " the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined " is against common sense because the topic of the conversation gradually converted to a controversial one . " the conversation gradually lulled to silence as more people joined " is against common sense because a radical person tend to come up with more tit-for-tat opinions . 
1" julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music " is against common sense because julia pressed down on the piano key to see what's wrong with the key . " julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music " is against common sense because music is usually composed of several different sounds . " julia pressed down on a piano key to play a music " is against common sense because she was invited to play the piano in front of people . 
2" vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days " is against common sense because the driver usually drive to work on cloudy days . " vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days " is against common sense because the cloudy weather reflected the driver's mood . " vehicles travelled slowly in cloudy days " is against common sense because vehicles have lights for cloudy days . 
1" lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined " is against common sense because she decided to distract people from commenting on her figure . " lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined " is against common sense because the change of human figure reflects on the size of the clothes . " lauren gained weight so she had to get her shoes shined " is against common sense because lauren gained so much weight that she couldn't see her shining shoes when she was standing up . 
1" the clouds were getting darker so I brought my laptop to work " is against common sense because I searched the weather on my laptop and it's going to rain . " the clouds were getting darker so I brought my laptop to work " is against common sense because darker clouds is a forecast of rain . " the clouds were getting darker so I brought my laptop to work " is against common sense because a laptop should be protected from water . 
1" the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant " is against common sense because a soap becomes smaller as it's been used for a long time . " the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant " is against common sense because to hold the soap relies on the texture of his hand and the soap . " the boy lost hold of the soap because it's fragrant " is against common sense because the soap emitted a fragrance the boy has never smelled before . 
2" the button on my shirt fell off so I glued the button back on " is against common sense because the button on my shirt fell off and lost so I found a similar button . " the button on my shirt fell off so I glued the button back on " is against common sense because the button was broken so I glued the parts together . " the button on my shirt fell off so I glued the button back on " is against common sense because glue is not an effective tool when it comes to cloth and button . 
2" the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition " is against common sense because sunglasses is the special token of the celebrity's fans . " the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition " is against common sense because the celebrity wore sunglasses because she was recovering from cosmetic surgery . " the celebrity wore sunglasses to help recognition " is against common sense because a pair of sunglasses helps people disguise . 
1" the leader received praise because he raised taxes " is against common sense because he promised to change the policy of higher taxes . " the leader received praise because he raised taxes " is against common sense because the increase of taxes usually dissatisfies the people . " the leader received praise because he raised taxes " is against common sense because the leader received praise for he is a pioneer in paying taxes . 
1" my mailbox was overflowing with letters when I went back after five minutes " is against common sense because a new postman came to our town with no experience before at all . " my mailbox was overflowing with letters when I went back after five minutes " is against common sense because people don't usually receive too many letters in five minutes . " my mailbox was overflowing with letters when I went back after five minutes " is against common sense because in recent years people prefer to use email because it's more convenient . 
0" the banana ripened so we threw them away " is against common sense because ripeness is a sign of being edible . " the banana ripened so we threw them away " is against common sense because we bought so many ripe bananas that we couldn't eat them before they . " the banana ripened so we threw them away " is against common sense because we don't love bananas . 
0" the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled " is against common sense because the dough is usually soft so it won't break in crumbles . " the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled " is against common sense because the chef planned to make some Chinese special dessert with the dough . " the chef pressed down on the dough and the dough crumbled " is against common sense because dough is a mixture of flour and water . 
2" my feet were blistered after a day of swimming " is against common sense because I practiced swimming on the ground before I entered the water and it caused blisters . " my feet were blistered after a day of swimming " is against common sense because my blister swell after a day of swimming . " my feet were blistered after a day of swimming " is against common sense because blister appears when two substances rub against each other . 
0" her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna " is against common sense because the glass will be fogged up in warmer places . " her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna " is against common sense because she forgot her eyeglasses in the sauna so she went back for it . " her eyeglasses fogged up as she exited the sauna " is against common sense because some new eyeglasses used technology that prevents them from fogging up . 
1" he found the tv show boring so he recorded it " is against common sense because he learned how to record a tv show in order to review it . " he found the tv show boring so he recorded it " is against common sense because a record of a boring show is of no value . " he found the tv show boring so he recorded it " is against common sense because he didn't have the time to watch the whole show . 
0" the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie " is against common sense because a comedy movie doesn't make people afraid of sleeping . " the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie " is against common sense because some of the comedy movies are described dull . " the boy was afraid to go to bed because he watched a comedy movie " is against common sense because the boy watched a comedy movie and he wanted to watch the sequel of it . 
1" the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital " is against common sense because after she finished her study she found an internship at the hospital . " the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital " is against common sense because the hospital is not a good place for learning medical knowledge . " the girl wanted to be a doctor so she went to the hospital " is against common sense because her dream was inspired when she was cured at the hospital . 
2" thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend " is against common sense because thomas wanted to get revenge no matter what it would cost . " thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend " is against common sense because thomas was too stingy and all his friends left him . " thomas wanted to get revenge on his friend " is against common sense because friends usually don't get revenge on each other . 
2" the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close " is against common sense because the woman and her sister had a similar life style . " the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close " is against common sense because the woman loved to hang out with her sister . " the woman was mistaken for her sister because they sat close " is against common sense because people who sit close to each other don't necessarily look alike . 
1" she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times " is against common sense because the calculations required several steps so she checked it several times . " she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times " is against common sense because checking several times usually lower the error rate in the calculation . " she made an error in her calculations because she checked it several times " is against common sense because she made several errors in her calculations and the boss talked to her several times . 
0" the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food " is against common sense because a hamburger is a major food in fast food . " the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food " is against common sense because the girl often went to a fast food restaurant of another band . " the girl politely declined the hamburger because she liked fast food " is against common sense because a hamburger is usually made of meat, bread, and vegetables . 
2" miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor " is against common sense because miley used a new cloth in order not to get dirt on the floor . " miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor " is against common sense because miley got dirt on the floor so she decided to scrub it off . " miley scrubbed the stain on the floor and she got dirt on the floor " is against common sense because to scrub the stain is to remove the dirt . 
1" the egg splattered after I boiled it " is against common sense because I planned to boil an egg but it splattered in the pot . " the egg splattered after I boiled it " is against common sense because an egg will become solid if it's boiled . " the egg splattered after I boiled it " is against common sense because if a splattered egg is boiled it will form an irregular shape . 
2" a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in " is against common sense because the host of the party only invited adults . " a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in " is against common sense because the teenagers weren't invited to the party so they host one themselves . " a group of teenagers crashed the party and the host invited them in " is against common sense because if people crash a party they are usually without an invitation . 
2" the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap " is against common sense because when he was taking a shower the soap dropped into the sewer . " the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap " is against common sense because he preferred the scent of this new bar of soap than the previous one . " the man took a shower because he opened a new bar of soap " is against common sense because people take showers when they get dirt or sweat on their body but not when a new soap is opened . 
2" the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired " is against common sense because the screen of the laptop was included in its warranty . " the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired " is against common sense because there was something wrong with the laptop and the owner had to pay because it's warranty expired . " the screen of the laptop went black because it's warranty expired " is against common sense because if the warranty of a laptop expires, the life of the laptop won't halt . 
0" the book became a unsalable and it was adapted into a movie " is against common sense because a book adapted in to a movie is usually popular . " the book became a unsalable and it was adapted into a movie " is against common sense because after recommended by a famous author the unsalable became popular . " the book became a unsalable and it was adapted into a movie " is against common sense because the movie didn't become a blockbuster . 
1" camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently " is against common sense because she was having a relaxing time while her colleagues endured a lot of stress . " camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently " is against common sense because extra stress in work usually force people to switch to another career . " camila felt reluctant to switch careers when she endured a lot of stress currently " is against common sense because camila felt reluctant to work because she was having a lot of stress currently . 
1" the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen " is against common sense because when the swimmers were putting on sunscreen they were told not to swim due to the dangerous ocean tide . " the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen " is against common sense because sunscreen is to protect the swimmers from sunshine, it can do nothing to the ocean tide . " the ocean tide was dangerous so the swimmers put on more sunscreen " is against common sense because the swimmers put on more special sunscreen, which was reluctant to ocean water . 
1" minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist " is against common sense because she sought a career as a psychologist after she was cured . " minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist " is against common sense because a mental illness needs to be treated by a psychologist . " minaj was deemed mentally ill so she sought a career as psychologist " is against common sense because minaj was deemed mentally ill when she was pursuing a career as a psychologist . 
1" the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game " is against common sense because people lose their voice usually because they yell or shout frequently . " the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game " is against common sense because an aggressive football coach loved to yell at his players to encourage them during the game . " the aggressive football coach lost his voice before the game " is against common sense because the aggressive football coach decided to remain silent and see what his players will do . 
2" I applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed " is against common sense because I applied too much pressure to the cut on my arm and the circulation of the upper arm stopped . " I applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed " is against common sense because I wore a pressure band on the cut to make sure it would heal quickly . " I applied pressure to the cut on my arm and it healed " is against common sense because a cut needs a relatively long time to heal no matter what was applied . 
1" leo had an infection so she washed her hands " is against common sense because she often washed her hand to prevent herself from an infection . " leo had an infection so she washed her hands " is against common sense because a pair of clean hands can't combat virus inside the human body . " leo had an infection so she washed her hands " is against common sense because she guessed her infection was due to the cut on her hands . 
1" the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new " is against common sense because she forgot that she bought a new air conditioner . " the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new " is against common sense because a new air conditioner is for cooling down the air . " the woman fanned herself with her hand for the air conditioner is new " is against common sense because people don't usually use an air conditioner to cool down in cold days . 
2" the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed " is against common sense because the administrator had a sore throat because people were unhappy with the put-off . " the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed " is against common sense because the administrator declared that the meeting was adjourned . " the administrator cleared her throat because the meeting was postponed " is against common sense because people clear their throats when they are going to make an important speech . 
0" the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him " is against common sense because people usually don't feel good when then are kicked . " the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him " is against common sense because the boy won't stop giggling so his brother kicked him under the table . " the boy giggled uncontrollably because his brother kicked him " is against common sense because his brother tried to kick the ball but fell to the ground . 
0" the DJ turned the music on and everyone left the party " is against common sense because the music in a party means it's not over yet . " the DJ turned the music on and everyone left the party " is against common sense because some of the party-goers were familiar with the music . " the DJ turned the music on and everyone left the party " is against common sense because the DJ turned the music on and left for the restroom . 
2" I need some cash so I went to the wallet store " is against common sense because the owner of the wallet store was wealthy . " I need some cash so I went to the wallet store " is against common sense because I left my wallet at the wallet store so I went back for it . " I need some cash so I went to the wallet store " is against common sense because wallet stores don't sell wallets with cash in it . 
1" the boy played computer games to be muscular " is against common sense because he acted as a muscular in his favorite computer game . " the boy played computer games to be muscular " is against common sense because playing computer games doesn't help much in building muscles . " the boy played computer games to be muscular " is against common sense because the boy played computer games regularly . 
1" the milk stayed cold because I boiled it in the pot " is against common sense because I waited in front of the pot for the cooler milk . " the milk stayed cold because I boiled it in the pot " is against common sense because to boil something is to provide extra heat . " the milk stayed cold because I boiled it in the pot " is against common sense because when I put the milk in the pot some of it was frozen . 
2" fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick " is against common sense because fiona was trying to cool down the soup . " fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick " is against common sense because most kinds of soup are delicious when they are at a warm temperature . " fiona put the soup on ice cubes and it became thick " is against common sense because the temperature of the soup doesn't affect its thickness . 
0" the bully mocked him and he got a black eye " is against common sense because to mock someone is to say something without physical contact . " the bully mocked him and he got a black eye " is against common sense because he decided to find a way to get revenge on the bully . " the bully mocked him and he got a black eye " is against common sense because the bully mocked him and he had been crying all night . 
2" the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer " is against common sense because he planned to scare the deer with his gun . " the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer " is against common sense because the hunter ran out of all the ammunition he brought . " the hunter ran out of ammunition and he aimed at the deer " is against common sense because a gun can't shoot without ammunition . 
0" the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious " is against common sense because people usually drink during eating to relieve special tastes . " the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious " is against common sense because he drank water so that he wouldn't eat too much during . " the man drank water with his meal because his meal was delicious " is against common sense because the man was served water while the meal was being prepared . 
2" the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover " is against common sense because the patient had no idea what would happen in his body . " the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover " is against common sense because the medical procedure cured the dying patient . " the patient underwent the deadly medical procedure to recover " is against common sense because a deadly medical procedure is never allowed on a patient . 
1" i feed my doll twice a day " is against common sense because my doll needs to keep slim . " i feed my doll twice a day " is against common sense because my doll needs not eating . " i feed my doll twice a day " is against common sense because i like my doll very much . 
1" Jane carries her house upstairs " is against common sense because Jane has so little strength that she can hardly carry nothing . " Jane carries her house upstairs " is against common sense because houses are too heavy for human beings to carry . " Jane carries her house upstairs " is against common sense because Jane doesn't have a house . 
2" a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain " is against common sense because cats don't like to get wet especially on rainy days . " a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain " is against common sense because a cat can climb up high . " a cat hides above a car to shelter from the rain " is against common sense because a cat is exposed to the rain above a car . 
0" she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person " is against common sense because a deaf person cannot hear a phone call . " she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person " is against common sense because a deaf person doesn't know how to communicate with others . " she makes phone calls to communicate with a deaf person " is against common sense because a deaf person is unwilling to receive a phone call . 
1" Sam was caught writing on a written examination " is against common sense because Sam is writing with his left hand . " Sam was caught writing on a written examination " is against common sense because everybody writes on a written examination . " Sam was caught writing on a written examination " is against common sense because nobody knows the answer to the written examination . 
0" he wants to lose weight because he is too thin " is against common sense because losing weight when too thin is unhealthy . " he wants to lose weight because he is too thin " is against common sense because he doesn't look good on camera . " he wants to lose weight because he is too thin " is against common sense because his friends will envy him of his slenderness . 
0" people go to see a doctor so they fall ill " is against common sense because a doctor is meant to cure diseases . " people go to see a doctor so they fall ill " is against common sense because a doctor is usually kind to patients . " people go to see a doctor so they fall ill " is against common sense because a doctor can make money from people who are ill . 
2" if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant " is against common sense because home is the only place for taking a shower . " if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant " is against common sense because there are too many people in a restaurant . " if you want to take a shower, you can choose a restaurant " is against common sense because the restaurant doesn't have the equipment for taking a shower . 
1" he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose " is against common sense because driving on the lake will pollute environment . " he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose " is against common sense because cars can't work in water . " he likes sitting in a car and driving on the lake no purpose " is against common sense because nobody wants to go to lake . 
0" she pours some mud to do the laundry " is against common sense because mud can only make clothes dirtier . " she pours some mud to do the laundry " is against common sense because she doesn't have enough money to buy anything else . " she pours some mud to do the laundry " is against common sense because doing the laundry is no pleasure . 
0" he reads bread at breakfast " is against common sense because bread has no words on it . " he reads bread at breakfast " is against common sense because he much prefers cake to bread . " he reads bread at breakfast " is against common sense because reading at breakfast is not a good habit . 
1" i take eight days off every week " is against common sense because i don't have much work to do . " i take eight days off every week " is against common sense because there are only seven days in a week . " i take eight days off every week " is against common sense because i can still get paid when i am on holiday . 
2" Mary lives in a hospital during a business trip " is against common sense because hospitals have beds for Mary to sleep on . " Mary lives in a hospital during a business trip " is against common sense because Mary aims to be ill during her business trip . " Mary lives in a hospital during a business trip " is against common sense because a hospital is designed for patients . 
1" she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water " is against common sense because a fish tank is not a good water container . " she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water " is against common sense because birds cannot live in the water . " she keeps a parrot in a fish tank filled with water " is against common sense because a parrot won't be noisy when kept in the water . 
1" she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony " is against common sense because the nightgown looks perfect on her . " she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony " is against common sense because a nightgown is not for formal occasions . " she prepares a custom-designed nightgown for the ceremony " is against common sense because a nightgown is very hard to be customized . 
1" people use rabbits to carry heavy loads " is against common sense because rabbits can run very fast . " people use rabbits to carry heavy loads " is against common sense because rabbits are too small for heavy loads . " people use rabbits to carry heavy loads " is against common sense because people don't have the heart to compel cute creatures to work . 
0" he washes his clothes with a magic wand " is against common sense because magic doesn't exist in real world . " he washes his clothes with a magic wand " is against common sense because he cannot perform magic well not being a wizard . " he washes his clothes with a magic wand " is against common sense because only witches can use magic wands to wash clothes . 
2" Jim downloads music from the book " is against common sense because Jim enjoys listening to music offline . " Jim downloads music from the book " is against common sense because the book introduces the latest released songs . " Jim downloads music from the book " is against common sense because books cannot transfer digital data . 
1" their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday " is against common sense because dragons don't get along well with human beings . " their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday " is against common sense because a dragon doesn't exist in reality . " their village was destroyed by a dragon yesterday " is against common sense because there weren't many people in the village . 
2" she writes her letter with a bag " is against common sense because her bags are of different colors . " she writes her letter with a bag " is against common sense because she has plenty of bags to use . " she writes her letter with a bag " is against common sense because bags cannot make marks . 
1" he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg " is against common sense because he will be frozen after finish the iceberg . " he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg " is against common sense because an iceburg is not for eating . " he is so hungry that he eats up the whole iceberg " is against common sense because iceburgs cannot be found everywhere . 
0" he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper " is against common sense because no mountains are located on a piece of paper . " he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper " is against common sense because mountains located on a piece of paper is too small to climb . " he is climbing a mountain on a piece of paper " is against common sense because he is not strong enough to climb up a mountain . 
2" banana trees grow in the desert " is against common sense because few monkeys live in the desert . " banana trees grow in the desert " is against common sense because banana trees can get enough sunshine in the desert . " banana trees grow in the desert " is against common sense because deserts are too dry for banana trees to grow . 
0" he lit some salt to give light " is against common sense because salt is nonflammable . " he lit some salt to give light " is against common sense because he didn't have enough salt . " he lit some salt to give light " is against common sense because salt can usually be found in the kitchen . 
1" we have lunch in the library " is against common sense because having meals in the library is too expensive for us . " we have lunch in the library " is against common sense because a library is not a place for meals . " we have lunch in the library " is against common sense because there are plenty of books in the library . 
2" rings protect people from the sun " is against common sense because not all people wear rings on sunny days . " rings protect people from the sun " is against common sense because rings shine when they reflect sunlight . " rings protect people from the sun " is against common sense because rings cannot create shadows big enough for human beings to hide . 
0" Jim wins the Best Singer Award because of his acting skills " is against common sense because the Best Singer Award is presented to a singer . " Jim wins the Best Singer Award because of his acting skills " is against common sense because Jim has a beautiful voice and can sing well . " Jim wins the Best Singer Award because of his acting skills " is against common sense because only good singers can become good actors . 
1" the accident happened because Jack drank water before driving " is against common sense because Jack was not a good driver . " the accident happened because Jack drank water before driving " is against common sense because water does not influence people's reaction speed . " the accident happened because Jack drank water before driving " is against common sense because drinking water before driving is not a good habit . 
2" i pick a leaf from a goldfish " is against common sense because a goldfish is usually colorful and attractive . " i pick a leaf from a goldfish " is against common sense because i want a bookmark made from a beautiful leaf . " i pick a leaf from a goldfish " is against common sense because leaves grow on plants rather than animals . 
0" i am learning French from my cat " is against common sense because a cat cannot speak French . " i am learning French from my cat " is against common sense because a cat cannot stay still for a long time to give lessons . " i am learning French from my cat " is against common sense because my cat is much younger than me . 
0" India is a country in Europe " is against common sense because India is located in Asia . " India is a country in Europe " is against common sense because many Indians can speak English . " India is a country in Europe " is against common sense because India in the Northern Hemisphere . 
2" you can ride from America to Japan " is against common sense because America doesn't border Japan . " you can ride from America to Japan " is against common sense because there aren't many bikes in America . " you can ride from America to Japan " is against common sense because Japan is an island country . 
0" Bob goes to work because he feels sleepy " is against common sense because Bob cannot work efficiently when sleepy . " Bob goes to work because he feels sleepy " is against common sense because Bob hasn't finished his work yet . " Bob goes to work because he feels sleepy " is against common sense because Bob can go nowhere except his office . 
1" Ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win " is against common sense because the judge is used to be kicked hard . " Ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win " is against common sense because kicking the judge is against the rule . " Ellen kicks the judge hard in order to win " is against common sense because the harder Ellen kicks, the more likely she will win . 
1" the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces " is against common sense because the shredder works very well . " the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces " is against common sense because water is a kind of liquid . " the shredder cut a cup of water into pieces " is against common sense because the shredder is not powered on yet . 
2" she cleans her teeth with shampoo " is against common sense because some shampoo has a fruity smell . " she cleans her teeth with shampoo " is against common sense because shampoo can keep her clean . " she cleans her teeth with shampoo " is against common sense because shampoo is used to wash hair . 
1" you can see a dinosaur in the zoo " is against common sense because a dinosaur is too expensive and dangerous for a zoo to keep . " you can see a dinosaur in the zoo " is against common sense because a dinosaur is not an existing creature anymore . " you can see a dinosaur in the zoo " is against common sense because people don't quite like dinosaurs . 
1" people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind " is against common sense because people cannot walk comfortably without shoes . " people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind " is against common sense because shoes are almost impossible to be blown away . " people have to hold onto their shoes because of the wind " is against common sense because people can always find substitutions for shoes . 
1" Rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills " is against common sense because sleeping pills have an opposite effect on Rebecca . " Rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills " is against common sense because taking sleeping pills makes people sleep soundly . " Rebecca wakes up because she takes sleeping pills " is against common sense because Rebecca takes too many sleeping pills . 
0" people bleed when they feel hot " is against common sense because people only bleed when they are wounded . " people bleed when they feel hot " is against common sense because heat escapes when people are bleeding . " people bleed when they feel hot " is against common sense because blood is very important to keep human beings alive . 
